---
uuid: 01d14af7-0d89-4c3a-90a8-12696e01e036
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 2, S3 and PostGraphile
---
Date: [2023-10-03](../2023-10-03)

See [Discord Binding](../1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) for project context

Project Context TLDR; The goal is to have all the raw discord data from [DiscordChatExporter](../96e29692-2bcb-48eb-90fd-3cd8fdd986c3) stored on [S3](../cc64a399-1cbe-44ee-ab4a-f36343a593ff) rather than having it partially stored in multiple places.
## Failure to use RClone with VultrS3

The first tool I wanted to use to backup my fragmented archive of Discord data across multiple devices is called [RClone](../253c9f0b-fdaf-41e4-ae0b-584e2bc15cee). I got an error trying to use it documented in the following note:

[How to solve RClone S3 Storage is not working as expected bug when backing up Discord Data?](../7653ea39-650c-4c3e-af9a-f322ed27f2ce)

## Use [TrueNAS Scale](../1fc6c96f-fcb0-40d9-9b57-0645b09dbc92) to backup everything

At part of my [Homelab](../596226d9-9379-401a-a131-20902c02f99d) I have a [TrueNAS Scale](../1fc6c96f-fcb0-40d9-9b57-0645b09dbc92) server. This means I run a computer in my closet that has a lot of storage that can be accessed over the network. After the failure to upload everything to VultrS3 I used [rsync](../83b61328-cd0a-426a-bded-e3897e67204b) to back up everything to my server at home. I

## [PostGraphile](../314a79d7-8c7a-4b68-9f5d-eb161de21e8a) is not my friend

Even when you use GraphQL you still need to write your SQL. [PostGraphile](../314a79d7-8c7a-4b68-9f5d-eb161de21e8a) is a beautiful piece of software, you just point it at a postgres database and you get a GraphQL API. I really liked the idea of using a GraphQL API for querrying my Discord Data because it is easier to use than SQL but I ended up learning a very important lesson.

One query where Postgraphile failed was [What percentage of users on each Discord Guild posted less than 1, 3, 10, or 100 messages?](../fb38895a-faca-42e7-8e40-416fe115a9ee). There was just no way of performing this query without recursive calls to the Postgraphile which defeats the purpose of GraphQL. So I learned I was going to have to write the SQL queries for my own GraphQL API in the end.

Also check out [Should I use GraphQL?](../Should I use GraphQL?).

## Tasks

* [Get all raw data in one location - ETLtoQE](../Get all raw data in one location - ETLtoQE)
* [Decide on ETL procedure and document it - ETLtoQE](../Decide on ETL procedure and document it - ETLtoQE)


#### Backlinks

* [Project Update Posts](/4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876)
* [ETL to QE, Update 4, Code Refactor and TrueNAS S3](/d59dbed7-08bd-462e-8f87-24a80c791f46)