---
share: true
uuid: 0e4562be-8998-4d6f-be4a-fa1264495d21
title: Project Management
---
## Project Management Bullshit Test
* [Heilmeier Catechism](/edc84150-2be7-4533-8a4b-768eeff624af)
* [Product Questions to Ask Yourself](/undefined)
	* What are your goals?
	* What problem are you trying to solve?
	* What validation and research have you done on this problem?
	* Who are some experts involved in the problem you are trying to solve?
	* What do people want to know?
* [Product Interview Questions](/undefined)
	* What are you uncertain about with your community and how do you currently find that info?
	* Find out what the biggest problems are, as many as reasonable, and prioritize them?
* [Product Interrogation Questions](/undefined)
	* Did you send out cold emails and or messages?
		* Did you get someone to proof read the message you sent out?
	* When was the last project update post about your project?
		* What is your next project milestone?
		* What was your last project milestone?
	* What questions is you project trying to answer?
	* What was your most resent conversation about this project like?
	* How often do you practice explaining your project to other people?
		* What have your learned when explaining your project?
	* Who do you want to judge and give feedback on your project?
	* Can you list the milestones for your project?
	* What features does your POC contain?
	* Where does someone go to learn more about your project, such as github, website, social media etc. etc.
	* Where can someone go to get project updates in your project?
	* If someone asked you to share all your project documentation with them what would you share with them?
	* Have you applied to incubators?
		* Do you have any documentation from to apply to startup incubators?
	* Does your project have a pitch deck?
	* Do you have any means of receiving payment?
* Heuristic Checklist
	* Selecting the one that does the biggest problem or most people
	* Match user stories with what I have built
	* Check for emotional resonance of user story
	* "Reverse engineer how Startup founders find out if their community is doing a good job, what questions do they ask them"
	* Interview people on their workflow, in particulate related to the problem they have
* [Project Kickoff Questions](/24f446da-27ff-4625-8f2f-9a32388c377d)
* Research Questions
	* Are there any similar projects in github
	* Are there any similar hackathon projects on DevPost
* When inheriting existing project
	* [New or Existing Codebase?](/undefined)
	* [How many people worked on this code base before?](/undefined)



## The Procedure

* 4 Part Quadrant
* Value, Money, mentorship, Intellectual fix
* Always reacting to decisions
* Logistics, Travel, Gas
* Research what is successful in enterprise blockchain
	* Get a list of 5 names
	* Get their stack
	* Get communities
	* Get community calls
	* Find Admins
* Profile everyone on gitcoin on dev channel's
	* Attach yourself
* Agenda
	* What have I done
	* Road ahead, boss help fills it in
		* What am I project managing?
  * Budget, team, roadmap, three months

* Only more intense from here

## Links

* [Agile Project Management](/undefined)