---
uuid: 1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f
share: true
title: DAO Auditing via Discord
---
- Catechisms
	- [Catechism - Discord Auditing, DAO Use case V0.0.2](/undefined)
	- [Catechism - Discord Auditing, DAO use Case V0.0.1](/undefined)
- Queries
	* [Questions for Discord Data?](/46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0)
	- [DAO Auditing via Discord - Queries](/d5e65c1e-f806-49b1-87dd-bd9c24220f03)
	- [DAO Auditing via Discord - Raw Queries](/undefined)
- [DAO Auditing via Discord Logs - Private](/undefined)
- [DAO Auditing via Discord - Brainstorming - Private](/undefined)
- [Discord Scraping Logs - Private](/undefined)

No Meme File Found
## [ETL](/7e381790-c582-4f58-9350-ef2e51efa9cf) Steps

* **Discord to S3 using [DiscordChatExporter](/undefined)
	* Make a discord account and join a couple guild
		* [Where to find Discord Guilds to Join?](/undefined)
	* Get Discord Authentication Token
		* [How to get Discord User Token?](/undefined)
	* Scrape a single Discord Guild
		* [How to scrape a Single Discord Guild?](/undefined)
	* Scrape all data on a single Discord Account
		* [How to scrape a data from a Single Discord Account using DiscordChatExporter?](/undefined)
	* Copy files from Guild to S3 using RClone
		* [What do I do about those RClone Errors from copying Discord Data to S3?](/undefined)
* **S3 or File system to Postgres**
* **Transform inside Postgres**
* **Export Postgres to desired Formats**


## Orienting Prompts

* [Where is all my Discord Data?](/undefined)
	* [S3 Backup of Discord Data](/undefined)
* [How does the discord data need to be transformed?](/undefined)
* So we have the longest message, what do we do with it?
* So we have the most reacted to message, what does that actually mean?
* You have spent like no time actually reading messages because you can not decide what to read
* [What is the Heilmeir Catechism for your DAO?](/undefined)
## TODO

* [Discord Binding Fix Roles Bug](/undefined)
* [Document Discord Scraping Procedure for DAO Auditing via Discord](/undefined)
	* Do this at Blog Post Step
* Query Interrogation
	* [Questions for Discord Data?](/46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0)
* Blog Post
* **REMEMBER TODO EXAMPLE INVESTIGATION**
	* [Questions for Discord Data?](/46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0)
	* Ask yourself who or what community you are looking for so this tool can help you find it
* **SHIP SOMETHING**
	* Produce PDF's to send to people
* Do a demo for someone else
* Describe each step in the ETL Pipeline
* Document DB interface tools
	* Document how to connect postgres and adminer
	* Mention DBBeaver and SQLite browser and stuff in the docs or even [qstudio](/undefined)
* Frontend Backlog
	* Separate Repo
	* Create React App
	* Setup React Router
	* Setup App Bar for React Router
		* What sections do we want?
			* General Dashboard
			* Guild UX
			* Custom Dashboard
	* Get example Graph with hard coded data
	* Get example graph using graphql QUery
	* Setup Provider for Query Metadata
		* Setup guild_id reducer
		* Setup channel_id reducer
	* On Load fetch first Guild and all Channels and store in provider context thing
	* Get 10 graph's up and running
	* **REMEMBER TODO EXAMPLE INVESTIGATION**
* [Discord Scraping](/undefined)
	* Document Discord Scraping Procedure
	* NEED TO RENAME FOLDERS AFTER GUILD_ID
	* Write script that get the GUILD_ID from either sqlite or the database itself
		* Have a python script take in the arguments from a JSON file and log everything that is important
	* [Discord Scraping Data Migration, Proper SQL Tables not just JSON](/undefined)
* Data Processing Issues -  fixing before ingesting rest of data
	* We should have an option to skip the sqlite step, or go from PostgreSQL to sqlite
	* Update scripts to allow sqlite to mount to disk or memory 
		* Check if using DuckDB is faster
	* [Add Constraints for  Authors_t Attachments_t and Roles_t for DAO Auditing via Discord project](/undefined)
		* How are mentions managed and how do we query them?
		* [How do we query the roles from the raw metadata JSON inside the discord guild SQLIte database?](/undefined)
		* Indexes in author_t should reference guild
		* Primary Key for author_t should reference guild as well as author_id
	* Upload everything to S3
		* Write tutorial for mounting S3 bucket to file system
		* Do we want the sqlite databases separate?
		* Yes, but we also want a JSON file that has all the GUILD_ID's to Name
		* Put all the Guild Data somewhere accessible to others
	* SQLite Postgres Research and Tutorials
		* We want to put multiple SQLite database into the same database
		* [How to copy specific tables from sqlite to postgres?](/undefined)
		* Learn [How to dump from SQLite to Postgres?](/undefined)
		* Learn [How to dump from Postgres to SQLite?](/undefined)
		* Learn [How to dump Postgres to CSV?](/undefined)
		* Learn [How to dump SQLite to CSV?](/undefined)
* Do a review of [Business Intelligence Dashboard Tools](/undefined) 
* Caching Queries on Backend?

## Design Questions


* [How do these DAO tokens flow around?](/undefined)
* **WHAT AM I SHIPPING?**
* [What conversations do I want to have?](/undefined)
* [What interactions am I personally looking for on Discord?](/undefined)
* Grand Questions
	* [Who am I looking for?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of people do I want to meet?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of people am I looking for?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of conversations do you want to have?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of Information am I looking for?](/undefined)
	* [How do I want to shape the world?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of relationships do I want to have?](/undefined)
* Project Specific Questions, Observation Questions
	* [How can I use embedding with all this Discord data?](/undefined)
	* [What is this discord data even for?](/undefined)
	* [How can I segment discord data?](/undefined)
	* [How should I tag discord data?](/97db473e-47e8-43ac-a7f0-ae7e0e28e9f5)
	* [What actionable insights can I have from my queries in Discord data?](/undefined)
	* [How do I want to engage with these communities after I have processed their data?](/undefined)
	* [Who might be interested in buying this data or reports generated from it?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of context do I expect to retrieve by reading through my old Discord Messages?](/undefined)
	* [How do I want to shape discord communities?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of persona do I want to portray to discord communities?](/undefined)
	* [What is the most effective way to engage with Discord Communities?](/undefined)
	* [What do I want from discord communities?](/undefined)
* Orienting Questions
	* [What am I personally looking for within this scraped discord data?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of insights marketers looking for and what tools do they use to get them?](/undefined)
	* [How can I contextualize my personal Discord Messages?](/undefined)
	* [What kind of intelligence do I want to produce from discord servers?](/undefined)
	* [What do I need in terms of Discord DAO Auditing before I can move on to other data sources?](/undefined)
* Specific Quests, Making a Decision
	* [Get a list of every discord message I ever sent](/undefined)
	* [Find best marketing reports and articulate what constitutes them](/undefined)
	* [Interview a Marketer](/undefined)
	* [Write out a user story about auditing a discord server](/undefined)
	* [Develop a procedure to investigate and label individuals on Discord](/undefined)