---
uuid: 209d819c-37d7-499a-83de-845fd67f0345
share: true
title: Edgy Blockchain Problems
---
Dear Reader,

Here is a summary of some blockchain topics I am personally interested in and would like to personally discuss with you.

## Data Sovereignty Topics

I did not see the different types of data sovereignty outlined in your white paper so I summarised them below.

* Sovereign Compute for Sovereign Storage
	* Sovereign Compute is when someone owns the server or device that stores their data.
* Encrypted on Third Party Servers
	* Store encrypted blogs on a object based file system similar to S3. This is the Matrix.org, Keybase, protonmail, and mega.io approach to data sovereignty. Note that metadata can still be extracted from such a system such as who is messaging.
* Encrypted on Decentralized Storage System
	* This is what Ceramic.Network, Storj and Filecoin do. Note that metadata is still accessible to data providers but it is harder to get the entire context without all requests from a user. It is also possible to build apps on decentralized storage systems that preserve privacy even when node operators inspect storage requests.
* Encrypted with ZK Proof
	* In order to do aggregations across large sets of personalised data it may make sense to have data specific zk circuts that can ingest different kinds of data. Examples of data include, browsing history, medial records, employment history, entry logs etc. etc.
	* I realize that in order to do these aggregations that the data ingested by the system needs to be signed by an authority then the individuals need to provide proofs based the data they own. 
	* So the story would be someone wants to do an aggregation on percentage of people with Cancer and Arthritis, they must then request proofs from individuals. The individuals can then respond with proofs that prove info like age, sex, if they have cancer, and if they have arthritis.
* Custodian
	* I expect this is what Cirus has set up. Socially reinforced data sovereignty. Google has everyone data, un-encryted, therefore if they wanted to do queries on people's email or browsing histories the only thing really stopping them is social pressure and the law.

## Blockchain Topics

* Preserving History, Context, and Data Proofs on The Blockchain
	* Producing Merkle Trees with Merkle Roots to put on the blockchain is easy. Just Sha256 your way to victory. If you guys are interested in hashing your PII(Personally Identifiable Information) and putting the merkele root on the blockchain or some smart contract, this is a project we can scope out and I can build for you.
* Fractional Royalties via Account Abstraction
	* Fractional Royalties is a difficult problem. Currently the ERC721 and even DIP721 on ICP do not have royalty features that can be reasonably implemented. The issue with both these standards is that they are devoid of identity, the NFT's are always controlled by Private Keys or Addresses not Identities. 
	* There exists an EVM identity standard called ERC-6551, Non-fungible Token Bound Accounts, which can be used as the basis for a new Token standard for Royalty Enforced NFT. This new standard could enforce royalties whenever a NFT is transferred. With enforced royalties on NFT transfer fractional royalties is only a question of implementation after that. If you are interested in having something like this build as a proof of concept let me know.
* Smart Contract ETF's
	* I just wanted to clarify that when I say Blockchain ETF, I mean ETF's running via Smart Contracts. I have since realized that there are Traditional Finance ETF's that hold crypto assets, quite a lot of crypto assets actually. I will use the term Smart Contract ETF now. A friend of mine deployed https://tetraguard.eth.limo/ a Smart Contract ETF, I would be interested in investing in a "Blockchain Data" Smart Contract ETF. There is also [Index Coop](https://indexcoop.com/)