---
uuid: 2a8426e6-7f84-42f2-82c3-e74e898e4c81
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 7, Fixing Bugs
---
Date: [2023-10-11](/undefined)

See [Discord Binding](/16cc922f-56ea-422e-95be-72f5f55e4111) for project context

## guild_id column not in authors_t table

commit: 112a76164e756e4edf1c14fae92f57de441ffe5e

I tried to run some aggregation queries on the authors_t table, such as [What discord guild's have the most Users?](/a1f0f53d-327b-4999-9d06-81d2c14a5eb5), but found that guild_id was missing. I need to have the data [noramlized](/4b5a5481-48b3-4d42-9bf8-39365ae1f4ef) because if I use a join the query can be an order of magnitude slower or even more. It is best to perform aggregations, for example using `sum` or `group by` in a single table.
## isBot column not indexing in any table

commit: 112a76164e756e4edf1c14fae92f57de441ffe5e

I noticed when doing my initall analytics when asking questions like, [What discord guilds have the most messages?](/2e369507-1f65-4c97-9a37-375f2b5d27fb) that some guilds had millions of messages and others had 10's of thousands. I realized that this data is not useful unless I know who is a bot. Luckily this data was in the export but did not make it into the SQL database. I ran the following query to test if the isBot data was in the database or not.

``` sql
SELECT
	distinct isBot
from
	messages_t
```

The result of the query above only returned a single row therefore the data was not getting indexed. I was able to go troubleshoot the source code and found I was pulling the incorrect key from the JSON from [DiscordChatExporter](/undefined)

## roles_t table not indexing too much redundant data

commit: 398ff8c73ac9d82e3cb95c5ea05700ca64ea8a5e

The roles_t table had almost as many rows as the messages_t table which did not make sense( see code snippit below). I noticed that roles_t did not have a primary key which was allowing this to happen. I went back into the code, added a primary key to the schema, and generated a primary key inside the ExportDiscord.process_discord_json method, and added a `on conflict` statement to the insert for `roles_t`

``` BASH
# Redacted
Getting Buckets
mah_json
Running process_discord_json
Done Running process_discord_json
json_data_to_sql Inserting 
# Redacted


tbd_table_name = guilds
1
tbd_table_name = channels
1
tbd_table_name = messages
20768
tbd_table_name = authors
6417
tbd_table_name = roles
257437
```

## Links

* [Discord Data Logs 2023-10-05](/undefined)