---
uuid: 3a44d50b-0280-42f8-8fa0-6c15d4ffe161
share: true
title: Queries Implemented in queries.py
---
Source Code: [discord-binding/modules/graphs.py](https://github.com/dentropy/discord-binding/blob/main/modules/graphs.py)

* Data Frame Queries
	* [What discord messages were reacted to the most from this particular author?](/f386a8f1-5a03-4800-b3fb-9ff569a064af)
	* [What message with an attachment from a particular author in a discord guild got the most reactions?](/2c19f286-32de-4f5e-94f0-98d6eae21492)
	* [What percentage of days actually have messages for a specific discord guild?](/3fb84a3c-742b-423a-a881-d5b46fd82a28)
* queries.py
	* Completed
		* [What are the discord guilds are in the database?](/26b46eff-ac32-457c-b35b-cd936fa1af83)
		* [What are the channels of a particular discord guild?](/a0219c15-6f5c-41b6-888f-41698790b9d2)
		* [What authors posted in a particular discord guild?](/90c0ecd1-f1d2-4f89-84ea-aa1b615644e3)
		* [What authors posted in a specific discord channel?](/cfa39119-a580-49de-8562-259a33f3b80f)
		* [What messages were posted in a discord channel with an offset?](/What messages were posted in a discord channel with an offset?)
		* [What discord user has the longest average message length in a particular guild?](/2f4fd09e-24a3-4359-81b2-049742a03610)
		- [How many messages per author in a specific discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)
		- [Who is the most consistent poster within a Discord Guild?](/dba668aa-bb99-46d5-9942-9f41bed27766)
		- [What discord author got the most reactions to their messages?](/31ea5eb0-424d-4bac-ac87-dcc463b5d92d)
		- [What discord author got the most distinct reactions to their messages?](/1045dbd7-8a3e-4975-8dea-fe81c3c354d1)
		- [What discord author has the highest spike in activity in single day from a specific discord guild?](/0c868cc8-6f4b-4f8c-9f50-ef2e1bf31615)
		- [Who sent the most attachments in a specific discord guild?](/bb1fc99d-24cc-4ea2-9110-3bf7d695ac03)
		- [What discord author edits the highest percentage of their messages within a particular discord guild?](/80a2d7fc-3d80-420a-ba6b-d9bd41206606)
		- [What authors asked the most questions within a specific discord guild?](/c102ef60-4b8c-423e-8102-69578c1ec330)
		- [How many messages has a user posted in each discord channel of a particular discord guild?](/d4d9a29d-c144-4b7b-bb49-af768905cd79)
		- [What discord messages were reacted to the most from this particular author?](/f386a8f1-5a03-4800-b3fb-9ff569a064af)
		- [What time of day does the particular discord author post their messages, group by hour?](/d0faa6c6-be48-4170-941a-a30d833f6d1c)
		- [What message with an attachment from a particular author in a discord guild got the most reactions?](/2c19f286-32de-4f5e-94f0-98d6eae21492)
		- [What day of the week does the particular discord author post their messages?](/cb543a19-8513-43ae-8720-5ffeaec4a385)
		- [What authors posted the most in a specific discord guild?](/7922cc2d-f1cc-435d-832d-5fa4d555b121)
		- [How much activity for a specific discord guild per month?](/efcd6f7d-b36e-4032-b89b-0fe9fd5a0da9)
		- [How much activity for a specific discord guild per day of week?](/7cd7bef3-c7ca-4d80-b02b-ba6552b6087c)
		- [What are the most active channels in a specific discord guild?](/45f50e6a-fb81-4f7c-87b6-70785da72633)
		- [What percentage of days actually have messages for a specific discord guild?](/3fb84a3c-742b-423a-a881-d5b46fd82a28)
	1. Do Later
		1. [What discord channel has the longest average message length?](/0d4f2aaf-e9b8-47c6-a312-7212fc51f9d1)
		2. Multi Guild - Get the Job Queue working first
			1. [What discord guild's have the most Users?](/a1f0f53d-327b-4999-9d06-81d2c14a5eb5)
			2. [What discord guild's have the most channels?](/5fda1ed0-692e-4c6f-9a52-917ca152b003)
			3. [What are the sum of messages in each discord guild?](/What are the sum of messages in each discord guild?)
			4. [What is the activity of each month for each guild normalized on a single graph?](/8b9a34f5-a141-47be-ab51-091a0e05339b)
			5. [What is the activity per month of each discord guild measured in messages per month?](/edb39918-b02f-4ee7-b2b2-d902c8370412)
			6. [What is the name of the most active channel in each discord guild?](/27802970-c6dc-462e-8210-216bb1eb6a36)
			7. [When was the most active month for the most active channel in each discord guild?](/30d09691-d6bc-462d-b9ae-8534e88e4cf1)
			8. [What authors posted the most in each discord guild?](/34592fa9-bd8d-4237-bdff-36cb58fdc21e)
		3. Requires multiple date select components
			1. [What discord user was the most active for a particular date range within a particular discord guild?](/cca39f0d-a173-4849-986f-fbc5ea0e46bf)
		4. Requires Order By Component
			1. [How to view a discord message in context?](/fdaf9b18-a664-4861-894b-836af806393a)
		5. Requires Number input component
			1. [What percentage of all messages in Discord Guild came from 1, 10, and 100 Authors?](/ae8cb99d-65d5-404f-9d83-4572cca17719)
			2. [What is the average message count for most active X days of a Discord Guild?](/9a9414ed-c3bd-433e-bb5b-4732aff405a0)
			3. [What is the average half life of top x% active users?](/4f6a01a0-6799-43a6-b36a-38edd59d36fc)

#### Backlinks

* [Questions for Discord Data](/46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0)
* [Backlog - Discord Binding](/dc6a1ac7-60f0-452d-9536-9fed6d92bc51)