---
uuid: 422e07c2-ca29-4561-9026-7a2bc046649c
share: true
title: DDaemon Queries for Apps
---
* [Analysis Queries](/92a22ef8-5137-47e9-a48a-ece9720f6169)
* [User Journey Hierarchy](/User Journey Hierarchy)
* [DDaemon - Problems](/DDaemon - Problems)
* [DDaemon Queries Idea Dump](/DDaemon Queries Idea Dump)
* Remember [Backlog  - PKMS](/Backlog  - PKMS)
#### Application List

* [Context Graph File System](/Context Graph File System) - [CGFS](/CGFS)
#### What do I envision done first?

* [Context Graph File System](/Context Graph File System) Ingestion
	* [Content for PKMS stored on local only IPFS node](/Content for PKMS stored on local only IPFS node)
	* [PKMS to CGFS](/PKMS to CGFS)
	* [Memes to CGFS](/Memes to CGFS)
	* [Books and documents to CGFS](/Books and documents to CGFS)
	* [Datasets to CGFS](/Datasets to CGFS)
	* [Raindrop to CGFS](/Raindrop to CGFS)
	* [Hypothes.is to CGFS](/Hypothes.is to CGFS)
	* [memex.garden to CGFS](/memex.garden to CGFS)
	* [Question Engine on CGFS](/Question Engine on CGFS)
* [Context Graph File System](/Context Graph File System) Features
	* [Embeddings on my PKMS](/Embeddings on my PKMS)
	* [Better search for my PKMS](/Better search for my PKMS)
#### Simple Projects

* Take all twitter bookmarks and store in Raindrop / PKMS
* Take all youtube play
* Use public data to find corrupiton
	* Research Grants
* What pages from my [Raindropio](/053d3ec8-825f-40bd-b187-926273159b09) have [Hypothes.is](/dedecb5f-c142-402e-84d4-126b3e6cda9f) annotations?
* White paper analysis and Ranking
* Get all the quotes in context from books like [Heritics of Dune](/Heritics of Dune) and [Homo Deus](/2055ffd4-310b-4f0f-b7f8-61d91402650c)
* Ideology interrogator for [Substack](/Substack)
	* What words are ideology bound?
	* I can look at the frequency of words compared to baseline in stuff like [The Communist Manifesto](/The Communist Manifesto)


#### What get's me most excited

* I want to have the best Linux OS or javascript framework in Question Engine, I want to prompt my friends LLM like in Megaman
* I am browsing a site and I can see all the different conversations happening on hacker news reddit twitter and other parts of the internet built right in
- I want to query all the text I have ever ingested in the daemon for [IPLD](/IPLD)
* We are going to scrape every guild on guilds.xyz
* I need to get my 1060's constantly generating tokens before I get a 3090 or spend 400 dollars on [Perplexity AI](/Perplexity AI).
* [Context Graph File System](/Context Graph File System)
	* Memes in Perkeep contextualized using [DDaemon Datasets](/DDaemon Datasets)
	* Discord data contextualized using [DDaemon Datasets](/DDaemon Datasets)
	- I want to share stuff like my [Zero To Dangerous](/Zero To Dangerous) Notes
	- Being able to share my Quests with Other People
	* Adding dimensions, weighted labels, to my Raindrop
		* I can link [Go](/7900e06b-6a66-4a30-bdf7-7661c020e516) to a bookmark but then give it a ranking between 1 and 12 for how strong it is
		- Process tools to use
		- Recompile raindrop
		- Recompile twitter bookmarks
	* Being able to create a graph of questions based on my relationships with Tulpas.
	* Make a list of my favorite tags for things, get lists of what other people use to tag things
	* Building a CMS(Content Management System) using IPLD
	* Things I really want to annotate collaboratively
		* Me and my friends annotate articles then share our annotations after we annotate them.
		* [Schwabstack](/Schwabstack)
		* [The Portal](/d19c1ed9-6cb6-4a37-b4ae-f25c9fcbf237)
* Creating an API for all the [Datasets](/Datasets) like Music and Podcasts
- I need question engine schemas,
	- Psychology
	- Consume and consuming media
	- Quests
	- Bookmarks
- Ultimate hackathon tutorials, review tutorials collectively with video reviews
- We want to be able to tag a bunch of activity from browsing history
* Remember the child training, what software do I want to shame my child
* Have LLM quiz me conversationally, what is dune about, what are the values of the Bene Gesserit
* Alternative To
#### Core Vision

* Context Graph File System
	* [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](/f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb)
	* [Develop Meme Contextualizing File System](/Develop Meme Contextualizing File System)
	* [Contextualize my discord data with knowledge graphs](/Contextualize my discord data with knowledge graphs)
	* [Contextualize Raindrop Bookmarks](/Contextualize Raindrop Bookmarks)
		* [Contextualize all the software I have bookmarked or stared on github](/Contextualize all the software I have bookmarked or stared on github)
	* Replace what I use for Twitter
	* Tag all subreddits using some sort of Ontology
	* My location history should be a blockchain. Also all my other data too.
	* List dimensions for raindrop bookmarks
* DAO Interrorgator
	* [Write reports on the discord mods and what they do](/Write reports on the discord mods and what they do)
	* [I want to produce a DAO intelligence network in order to prototype the Daemon](/I want to produce a DAO intelligence network in order to prototype the Daemon)
	* [I want to find the prime movers of DAO's and ask them to fill out a Catechism](/I want to find the prime movers of DAO's and ask them to fill out a Catechism)
	* What users on discord servers exist to produce noise

#### Queries to Remember

* I gotta find people like myself and prompt them how I would like to be prompted
* User Research User Journey
* Question engine is all about 4 Chan replacement
* I need to create a community of personas and have conversations with them, LLM backend or me pretending to be multiple accounts

#### Random Queries

* Explain the system in [The Speaker for the Dead](/The Speaker for the Dead)
* ["How many files ought be in a individuals personal file system not including things like logs and .git folders?"](https://twitter.com/PaulWMullins/status/1740126041774211483)
* What data sources do I have logging what I do during the day?
* Logging
	* How can I have a github activity style data visualization for all my logs?
	* What can I learn from DevOps metrics logging software for the daemon?
* How can an LLM prompt summarize what I have been up to over the course of a day?
* Therapist has access to everything and I reject access after they get as far as I want to let them, they are browsing on my device of course.
* How do you label when someone is doing something spontaneous or new?
* I need to write about doing something other than twitter.
* Pay people to create video tutorials of my software. I can out hackathon the entire world.
* [DDaemon - P2P plus RBAC](/DDaemon - P2P plus RBAC)

#### Sieves App

* See [Decision Sieve](/Decision Sieve)

#### Context Graph File System - CGFS

- List sieves 
- Research 
- Quest 
- Relationship maintenance 
- Media

#### Meme Map

* The core of Question Engine
#### [NLP](/5cd22bfe-14f1-4724-9560-95a24b8cb849) App

* [What is the best way to transform a PDF into parsable text?](/What is the best way to transform a PDF into parsable text?)
	* [How to extract all questions from PDF?](/How to extract all questions from PDF?)
* What is the best way to transform a Web Page into parsable text?
* How do I extract all questions from a piece of text such as a PDF
#### Lexicon / Dictionary

## Quest App

* ["I want all my friends to have a digitized quest log I can view with their permission"](https://twitter.com/PaulWMullins/status/1740124876558795157)
* What is person X's core quest in life?
* What quests has person X worked on in the last month?
* How many quests does person X complete a day?
* How many quests does person X have active?
* Who does person X get quests from?
* What other people are associated with person X's quests?
* What is person X trying to become?
* What is the "value" of person X's network according to the Redditor/Nihilist/Technical/Emotional/Leadership coefficient

## [Tulpa](/Tulpa)/Relationship/[CRM](/7d9fa0af-e0be-4674-8fc2-380b641f2564) App

* What does person X care about?
* What is the relationship status of person X?
* What is person X's power relationship with person Y, who prompts the other one more often?
* What categories should I use to label my relationships with other people?
* What do I want to know about other people?

## Publisher App

* How can I publish my thoughts, files, and notes for other people to consume?

## File System App

* How should one navigate a file system based on graph connections, tags, rather than hierarchy?

## Community App

* [Guildhall guilds.xyz](/1dcd4621-390d-4d8f-a2d5-3caba4a60b82)

## Bounty App

* [Hats Protocol](/Hats Protocol)
* [Sobol.io](/4d2a9441-0c44-4723-a392-2c8d2ad6601c)
## Dashboard App

* What should be displayed for a personal [Grafana](/Grafana) dashboard?
* What should be displayed for a cooperation [Grafana](/Grafana) dashboard?
* What should be displayed on a DAO's [Grafana](/Grafana) dashboard?


#### Backlog

* Prioritize Reading UX
* List daily grifts and look back at logs and define them
* Tiddlywiki json schema
* Ontology twitter
* Cooking iso standard ddaemon data structure
* Add the keybase user story from bleuknight
* I should check out all the any type types.
* I don’t like how my girlfriend just shows me decontextualized memes, I need to build a superior medium
* The reread your tweet feature is very daemon like
* You want to label logs like AW like you label discord servers
* Quiz like Remnote for the media you consume
* What does a two player DAG look like?
* List of questions for conversation sieve
* I need to be able to answer questions like google maps guides
* Sometimes when news events such as the billionaire dying in the submarine I need to jot those events down
* I need a list of dimensions for all my quests
* I hate how people take all these photos and never use them again
* I hate how old group chats are never reviewed and hard to interact with
* Listening to audio book have device that has buttons I can press to tag what is going on
* Start having more theoretical conversations out loud
* Remember when I imagine Activity Watch as if I was playing music?

#### Backlinks

* [Backlog - Question Engine](/889c6648-4cf6-4887-848e-b01c4e5f1e71)
* [DDaemon - Thoughts](/edc2124b-c88b-4aaf-8d15-4dfb8ca8397b)
* [ETL to QE, Update 19, Greatness is Other People](/9e00b380-91e7-4092-98fd-838dc5fd21d8)
* [DDaemon Master Plan](/58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2)