---
uuid: 46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0
share: true
title: Questions for Discord Data
---
## Notable Queries

* [Who is worth getting to know on Discord DAO Guilds?](/315a04ff-5358-4d9f-840e-09c7ab7ea1a2)
	1. [What discord user has the longest average message length in a particular guild?](/2f4fd09e-24a3-4359-81b2-049742a03610)
	2. [What discord user sent the most messages in a particular discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)
	3. [Who is the most consistent poster within a Discord Guild?](/dba668aa-bb99-46d5-9942-9f41bed27766)
	4. [What discord author got the most reactions to their messages?](/31ea5eb0-424d-4bac-ac87-dcc463b5d92d)
	5. [What discord author got the most distinct reactions to their messages?](/1045dbd7-8a3e-4975-8dea-fe81c3c354d1)
	6. [What discord user has the highest spike in activity in single day?](/0c868cc8-6f4b-4f8c-9f50-ef2e1bf31615)
	7. [What discord user was the most active for a particular date range within a particular discord guild?](/cca39f0d-a173-4849-986f-fbc5ea0e46bf)
	8. [Who sent the most attachments in a specific discord guild?](/bb1fc99d-24cc-4ea2-9110-3bf7d695ac03)
	9. [What discord author edits the highest percentage of their messages within a particular discord guild?](/80a2d7fc-3d80-420a-ba6b-d9bd41206606)
	10. [What discord user asked the most questions in a specific guild?](/c102ef60-4b8c-423e-8102-69578c1ec330)
	11. TODO* - [What discord author was mentioned the most?](/02996ff2-f55e-4eae-a4b6-15d042b92896)
	12. TODO* - [Who gets replied to the most in a particular discord guild?](/94a09a5b-5712-40f6-b902-a162a82c4129)
	13. TODO* - [Who does the most replying in a particular discord guild?](/d4667470-72b3-42f6-8b26-bf9150f8bafb)
* [How do we get to know individuals in Discord DAO Guilds?](/d9749f38-2694-405a-a5af-4ef357f29d9c)
	1. [How to view a discord message in context?](/fdaf9b18-a664-4861-894b-836af806393a)
	2. [How many messages has a user posted in each discord channel of a particular discord guild?](/d4d9a29d-c144-4b7b-bb49-af768905cd79)
	3. [What discord messages were reacted to the most from this particular author?](/f386a8f1-5a03-4800-b3fb-9ff569a064af)
	6. [What message with an attachment from a particular author in a discord guild got the most reactions?](/2c19f286-32de-4f5e-94f0-98d6eae21492)
	7. [What time of day does the particular discord author post their messages, group by hour?](/d0faa6c6-be48-4170-941a-a30d833f6d1c)
	8. [What day of the week does the particular discord author post their messages?](/cb543a19-8513-43ae-8720-5ffeaec4a385)
	9. TODO* - [What channel was a discord author mentioned the most in within a particular discord guild?](/35fb0306-f973-4de1-805c-7a027ed7c9a7)
	5. TODO* - [What other author mentions a different particular author the most? ](/undefined)
	10. NLP Stuff
		1. [What prompts for LLM's can be used to understand and label a users discord messages?](/undefined)
		2. TODO - [How to generate a word cloud based on a discord authors messages in a particular discord guild?](/af9ab3a8-c2bd-4241-b8ed-0cfba608070c)
* Other Queries
	* TODO - [What discord users show up in multiple guilds?](/1151704f-92c1-4273-9a2a-af361dfb88be)
* queries.py
	* Completed
		* [What are the discord guilds are in the database?](/26b46eff-ac32-457c-b35b-cd936fa1af83)
		* [What are the channels of a particular discord guild?](/a0219c15-6f5c-41b6-888f-41698790b9d2)
		* [What authors posted in a particular discord guild?](/90c0ecd1-f1d2-4f89-84ea-aa1b615644e3)
		* [What authors posted in a specific discord channel?](/cfa39119-a580-49de-8562-259a33f3b80f)
		* [What messages were posted in a discord channel with an offset?](/undefined)
		* [What discord user has the longest average message length in a particular guild?](/2f4fd09e-24a3-4359-81b2-049742a03610)
		- [What discord user sent the most messages in a particular discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)
		- [Who is the most consistent poster within a Discord Guild?](/dba668aa-bb99-46d5-9942-9f41bed27766)
		- [What discord author got the most reactions to their messages?](/31ea5eb0-424d-4bac-ac87-dcc463b5d92d)
		- [What discord author got the most distinct reactions to their messages?](/1045dbd7-8a3e-4975-8dea-fe81c3c354d1)
		- [What discord user has the highest spike in activity in single day?](/0c868cc8-6f4b-4f8c-9f50-ef2e1bf31615)
		- [Who sent the most attachments in a specific discord guild?](/bb1fc99d-24cc-4ea2-9110-3bf7d695ac03)
		- [What discord author edits the highest percentage of their messages within a particular discord guild?](/80a2d7fc-3d80-420a-ba6b-d9bd41206606)
		- [What discord user asked the most questions in a specific guild?](/c102ef60-4b8c-423e-8102-69578c1ec330)
	- TODO
		- [What discord user was the most active for a particular date range within a particular discord guild?](/cca39f0d-a173-4849-986f-fbc5ea0e46bf)
* Queries and requests from first user
	1. [What are the total sum of URL links in each discord channel of a specific discord guild](/undefined)
	2. [How many messages per channel in a particular discord guild?](/320d56d6-d028-425b-a1de-10d80b6d8669)
	3. [How many attachments of a specific file type are each channel of a specific discord guild?](/undefined)
	4. [How to measure spikes in activity on a specific discord guild after a link or attachment is sent?](/undefined)
	5. [How to get all URL's posted by a specific author in a specific discord guild?](/undefined)
	6. Create a schema for twitter and youtube data for indexing profiles and other metadata about content
1. Other Queries
	1. What message and its reply on a specific discord guild have the largest time difference?


## [Discord Data Cypher Queries](/75f91c17-64d4-4aa6-a84f-40c2613a7ab7)
## [Questions to Answer in General Report to Compare Discord Guilds](/0c4bbdac-febf-4e8e-861f-c36ef88a71c9)

1. [What are the discord guilds are in the database?](/26b46eff-ac32-457c-b35b-cd936fa1af83)
2. [Order discord Guild's by the oldest message?](/f87ebf9c-0d6e-4224-9418-badaa496ce2f)
3. [What discord guilds have the most messages?](/2e369507-1f65-4c97-9a37-375f2b5d27fb)
4. [What discord guild's have the most Users?](/a1f0f53d-327b-4999-9d06-81d2c14a5eb5)
5. [What discord guild's have the most channels?](/5fda1ed0-692e-4c6f-9a52-917ca152b003)
6. [What percentage of users on each Discord Guild posted less than 1, 3, 10, or 100 messages?](/fb38895a-faca-42e7-8e40-416fe115a9ee)
7. [What percentage of all messages in Discord Guild came from 1, 10, and 100 Authors?](/ae8cb99d-65d5-404f-9d83-4572cca17719)
8. [What is the activity per month of each discord guild measured in messages per month?](/edb39918-b02f-4ee7-b2b2-d902c8370412)
	1.  [How much activity on Discord Guild per day?](/undefined)
9. [What is the activity of each month for each guild normalized on a single graph?](/8b9a34f5-a141-47be-ab51-091a0e05339b)
10. [What is the name of the most active channel in each discord guild?](/27802970-c6dc-462e-8210-216bb1eb6a36)
	1. [What is the most active channel in a discord guild?](/45f50e6a-fb81-4f7c-87b6-70785da72633)
	2. [When was the most active month for the most active channel in each discord guild?](/30d09691-d6bc-462d-b9ae-8534e88e4cf1)
11. [What is the average message count for most active X days of a Discord Guild?](/9a9414ed-c3bd-433e-bb5b-4732aff405a0)
	1. [How to get message count by day for a single discord guild?](/fe3d485e-3f96-4cbd-8a63-2feda6021e8e)
12. [What percentage of days actually have messages?](/3fb84a3c-742b-423a-a881-d5b46fd82a28)
13. [What is the average half life of top 30% active users?](/4f6a01a0-6799-43a6-b36a-38edd59d36fc)
14. [What are the sum of messages in each discord guild?](/undefined)
17. [What authors posted the most in each discord guild?](/34592fa9-bd8d-4237-bdff-36cb58fdc21e)

Queries in Progress:

* [What is the rate of new users joining the discord guild?](/undefined)
## [Discord Guild Specific Report](/undefined)

1. [What are the channels of a particular discord guild?](/a0219c15-6f5c-41b6-888f-41698790b9d2)
2. [What channels from a particular discord guild have the most messages?](/undefined)
3. [What discord channels have the most messages?](/8db17737-329a-485d-9f99-98dce3ec1462)
4. [What month was X discord guild the most active?](/0f897f8f-e4b5-4e18-834f-7082f950dfb6)
	1. [What is the heat map of the most active months github activity style?](/undefined)
5. [What discord user has the longest average message length in a particular guild?](/2f4fd09e-24a3-4359-81b2-049742a03610)
6. [Who are the most active Users within a Discord Guild?](/5834c212-c616-4a8e-8b6e-16d4007cea7f)
	1. [What Author posted the most messages in each Guild?](/undefined)
7. [How to list the number of Bots on a Discord Guild?](/dd096aae-3c6c-437b-9890-76e7355b93a0)
8. [How many messages per channel in a particular discord guild?](/320d56d6-d028-425b-a1de-10d80b6d8669)
9. [How many authors posted in each particular channel of a particular discord guild?](/a1e2f1f3-a636-4f25-949f-e9bec02f9830)
10. [What is the number of messages in each channel for a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
	1. [What is the average message count per Channel in a particular Discord Guild?](/ad60bd2d-b872-4d0b-8f13-6f4214896871)
	2. TODO - [What is the median message count per channel in a particular Discord Guild?](/3fbf2fad-a355-4b8d-8d2d-0133ec53773d)
11. [How many message per author in a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
	1. [How many users have posted more than 100 messages in a particular discord guild?](/edc06a13-7305-4b5f-8eb6-9e8eb1b4df23)
12. [What discord channel has the longest average message length of a particular guild?](/86ac9f2f-087d-4791-a0e0-2f01688fe0c7)
13. TODO - [Which discord channel was most active between two dates?](/25b82439-effc-4780-a493-2ababf099494)
14. TODO - [What discord channel has the longest average message length?](/0d4f2aaf-e9b8-47c6-a312-7212fc51f9d1)
15. What is the age of the oldest message in each channel of a particular discord guild
16.  [What discord user sent the most messages in a particular discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)

## Discord Channel Specific Report

1. [What discord channel has the longest average message length?](/0d4f2aaf-e9b8-47c6-a312-7212fc51f9d1)

## Discord Author Specific Report

1. [What discord user has the longest average message length?](/c71bada1-ae88-4a99-bfec-84efafe8fed9)
2. TODO - [Which authors posted in more than on guild?](/undefined)
	1. TODO - [How many times did a particular author post a particular discord guild?](/637757e1-13bf-4560-94c5-92052bf389e5)

**Message Specific Queries**

1.  [ ] [What is the most reacted to message from a specific author in a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
2.  [ ] [What is the most replied to message from a specific author in a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
3.  [ ] [What is the longest message from a specific author in a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
4.  [ ] [What is the longest message from a specific author on discord in context?](/undefined)

**Stat Queries**
1. [ ] [What is the number of messages from a specific author from a particular discord guild aggregated by month, week and day?](/undefined)
2. [ ] [What are the number of mentions from other authors for a particular author in a particular discord guild?](/undefined)
3. [ ] [What are the number of reactions for messages aggregated by month, week, and day?](/undefined)
## Roles Queries

1.  [ ] Role message counts per day for a particular guild
2.  [ ] Ratio of Team Member posts to Non Team Member Posts

## Attachments

* [What discord attachment message has the most reactions?](/undefined)

## Meta Queries

1. [ ] [How many Scraped Discord Guilds?](/undefined)
2. [ ] [How many Scraped Discord Channels?](/undefined)
3. [ ] [How many Scraped Authors from Discord?](/undefined)
4. [ ] [How many total messages Scraped from Discord?](/undefined)
5. [ ] [How many messages per day are in the database from Discord?](/undefined)
## Unsorted Queries

* How do you measure how active the leaders are within a community?
	* What constitutes a leader within a community?
	* New Active Users per day

## Other Queries Research

- [DAO Auditing via Discord - Queries](/d5e65c1e-f806-49b1-87dd-bd9c24220f03)
- [DAO Auditing via Discord - Raw Queries](/undefined)
- [keybase data questions](/e8844eeb-76f6-4df1-b639-dc776b63ffc1)
## Data Labeling

* User Groups
	* Community Members
	* Admins
	* Community Manager
	* Founder
	* Paid or Someone Else
* Quadrants/Tags for the questions from users
	* Community
	* Infrastructure
	* Dev Support
	* Governance
* Frequency of announcement posts
	* Label Twitter Rebroadcast Channel
	* Label Announcements Channel

## Design Brainstorming

* Custom Dashboard
	* Guild Queries
	* Author Queries
	* Channel Queries
	* Reaction Queries
	* Attachment Queries
	* Unsorted Queries
* Questions
	* [Do we need to link discord GuildID to discord MessageID directly?](/undefined)
	* [Should we load the sqlite database in memory then dump to disk when initally indexing the Discord data?](/undefined)
	* [100 Dimensions to Judge Messages](/undefined)
	* [Random Questions for Discord Data](/a0e190a2-4225-4937-b81d-45fd29e0c4ce)
* Proposal Blockchain Queries - For Post Discord DAO Analysis
	* Age of Proposal, how long does it take
	* How many official members on Chain
	* Activity of proposals how many people verses voters how many people.
	* Consensus Thresholds on votes
	* Turnover of token ownership
* DAO Research Schema - Think Notion Template
	* Is token gated, yes no
	* What bots are on the Discord Server
	* What role does Discord have in Governance?