---
uuid: 4b29e643-872e-491f-bd1e-688965b09e2d
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 32, Defining a short term vision
---
Date: [2024-04-09](../2024-04-09)

Last time I mentioned I could use an [Accountability Buddy](../bad2a6b8-9fef-4ee6-9bc2-0ebf2f95f935)

I have now completed most the stuff from the the previous TODO list except for the LNBits integration, but I have asked for help from a couple people so I hope to hear back from them.

We still don't have a product I can show off to people. I just have an API and some tests.

We have our [Epic User Journeys](../c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4) with the [Question Engine First Core Quest](../Question Engine First Core Quest) which involves the following, 

1. State That [Your Life Has Value](../81c22b3f-8382-445c-8654-8bec4fcf5fa4) by minting a token
2. Rate Questions you Like or Dislike Tinder Tagging Style
3. Show the user Memelets and require they engage with them
4. Get assigned a quest

I recently realized that this user journey is not enough in and of itself. The capacity to rate, tag, comment, answer, and annotate media such as questions are each their own epic.

So what is something I can build on top of Nostr right now that will have utility immediately? Not like the PGP stuff that would require using my custom client.

Oh yea we already planned this all out in [Catechism - CGFS Meme Model](../f8a441e8-67b1-4672-9dad-a1ad8ed192a2). But before we reindex everything into encrypted nostr messages with namespaces we gotta do something else first, we need to find out what we want to do with all logs.

We want to annotate these logs, starting with nostr messages. We need ontology namespaces. Then we need to be able to link the ontology namespace to individual messages as a tag. Then we can use some native tag to comment on the link?

Okay this need a user journey.

When I browse [Hacker News](../1d3b71d2-9f64-4c65-be3e-17f4318041e0) I like to tag stuff I bookmark with one of the following tags.

* AI
* Blockchain
* Tools
* History
* Reading
* SciFi
* Design
* Economics
* Finance
* Games
* Privacy
* Blogs
* Funny
* Books
* Fediverse
* Development
* Leadership
* Funny
* WatchLater
* ...


These tags belong in a specific namespace. Now how should this namespace be created.

I just discovered [listr.lol](../8983f80e-c517-4bd1-8bb0-e9e59554e5ba) that does lists quite well and even has categories which basically function as tags.

[Nostr](../78abfe73-37cb-4f3b-9e08-faad85669fb7) lists are built up via tags and function as self contained systems encapsulated in a single nostr message.

[Nostr](../78abfe73-37cb-4f3b-9e08-faad85669fb7) operates under a different list of assumptions compared to my Dentropy Daemon concept. Everything on Nostr is public or sent as a private message. Well I guess if you can load the correct nostr messages into the UX they will operate and it is just about getting those messages in a private way.

The key to the Dentropy Daemon is ones capacity to provide a separate face to separate people. Nostr is just a convenient medium to make this come true, specifically its ephemeral messages, signing ecosystem, and bitcoin integration but there are many other options.

#### Setting Big Goals

I want to replace the following application with my dentropy daemon application,

* [Obsidian](../f76a085e-f2c8-43bd-a852-47760f01e401)
* [Raindrop.io](../10a39cee-adc7-43fc-bd29-28256e1a6144)
* [ActivityWatch](../c01a2d70-0b4b-4ba3-9149-928494bb231b)
* Static Hosting Site for ddaemon.org

#### Data Structure Realization

I really want a Federated Wiki Knowledge Engine with [RBAC](../c2a97a91-e9a0-4b83-9b91-acae4ec52e73) like Mediawiki, Wikijs, Notion, Coda, and Clickup among others.

Notion, Coda, and Clickup build up their documents using Cells. A cell can be a table, a paragraph, an image, or even a website embed. Each of these "Cells" is just a pointer to either XML, JSON, or raw text that should be version controlled.

I have realized that all these "Cells" can managed and updated via Nostr messages. Like with the Unix File System each cell can have its own RBAC or it can just inherit its RBAC from the document it resides within.

What I learned from processing the discord data is that that you want the data to be a topic. Each row, or ndjson, should be self contained with as much information as you need to understand what is going on. Even the Guild Name and Channel Name should be in there so the message is truly self contained.

## Next Steps

I can calculate how many cells my entire PKMS would contain.

#### Backlinks

* [Project Update Posts](/4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876)