---
uuid: 4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876
share: true
title: Project Update Posts
---
## What is ETL to Question Engine?

I am interested in two problems.

1.  How does one put all data they have personally generated into an single accessible API and Schema.
2.  Once all one's data is all easily queryable what do you do with it.

Question Engine is the name I use for the software toolbox I hope to eventually write that will be able to answer these questions.

I came up with the name Question Engine because I realized that having data sitting inside a database is useless unless you can poke and prod it with questions. The Questions one asks can can be broken down into simpler questions that all need to linked together. I think of this linking together of data, generating context, as mimetic sewing. I want a tool so I can perform mimetic sewing on not only my data but my friends, family, coworkers, and community.



* [The 4 Step plan for Question Engine](/8d4d461f-49f7-4dbd-829f-807d0bb602df)
* [Tasks for ETL to Question Engine](/a6649a28-5862-4820-8797-1cfaf2ba1713)
* Daily Logs
	* [ETL to QE, Update 1, SQLite to Postgres](/adf51542-a86b-437b-8542-9ef82c41d7a2)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 2, S3 and PostGraphile](/01d14af7-0d89-4c3a-90a8-12696e01e036)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 3, Progress on first Report to be Published](/a4afe3e7-e3ae-44ae-a1dc-e22754900e37)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 4, Code Refactor and TrueNAS S3](/d59dbed7-08bd-462e-8f87-24a80c791f46)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 5, Optimizations](/88cd3a9e-9156-4482-aaa5-2bb8eeebca0d)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 6, Native SQL Decision](/9dc97a82-96a0-495b-a8e2-a5c4d5c60abe)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 7, Fixing Bugs](/2a8426e6-7f84-42f2-82c3-e74e898e4c81)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 8, Wrote Analytics Class](/4bf73c7e-2bf6-415f-80b3-f3a3b6a370a8)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 9, Wrote an ETL Class](/c307374d-a751-437a-8eb4-ff3dc7808499)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 10, Post Results on Discord](/a04a75b2-d970-44fc-8e09-53b3aeca6f2f)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 11, Time Queries](/8a04da32-878d-4f6c-9973-ed58870b250f)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 12, Presentation at Meetup](/20be1355-e585-4eb4-b0a7-4a65c1eda264)
	* [ETL to QE, Update 13, Redefining Project Scope](/0857e406-5e14-4b45-9e8c-3ae712a2f00a)
		* #TODO
	* [ETL to QE, Update 14](/a7099c90-7fb1-4230-9c47-874fd85e8837)
		* #TODO 


## Links

* [DAO Auditing via Discord](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f)