---
uuid: 4edd1389-1223-4dfa-b004-7fd601c714ad
share: true
title: White Paper and Project Summaries
---
## [Realm, Holium,  Documentation Docs](/undefined)

Realm is an operating system for a human-scale internet, a platform for building new social experiences, and a crypto user's dream.

## [Urbit White Paper](/undefined)

A “solid-state interpreter” (SSI) is an interpreter which is also an ACID database. An “operating function” (OF) is a general purpose OS defined as a pure function of its input stream. Urbit is an SSI defined as an OF. Functionally, Urbit is a full execution stack. VM, compiler, OS, network, web server, and core apps are 30kloc; the system is alpha-grade with a live, fairly stable network.

## [Bitcoin Whitepaper](/de859af5-6ea7-46bb-8360-ae6cf88bb9db)

A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution.

## [Ethereum Whitepaper](/f68e3c8b-a505-4c27-9f86-c03cf2dc2bfc)

A Next-Generation Smart Contract and Decentralized Application Platform.

## [Origin Protocol](/undefined)

Trade with the liquidity of the entire crypto market - in one place - without ever giving up your private keys.

## [SourceCred Documentation](/undefined)

SourceCred (in the most basic sense) is a technology that makes the labor of individuals more visible and rewardable as they work together in a project or community. The goal of SourceCred is to use this technology to make rewarding labor as nuanced as human contribution often is.

## [ENS DAO](/undefined)

Our **mission** is to **empower web3 citizens to interact easily with people, organizations, and smart contracts through self-sovereign identities**.

We do this by **mapping human-readable names** like `alice.eth` **to machine-readable identifiers** such as Ethereum addresses, other cryptocurrency addresses, content hashes, and metadata.

## [Bankless DAO](/undefined)

****Mission**- We will help the world go Bankless by **creating user-friendly onramps** for people to **discover decentralized financial technologies through education, media, and culture**.

**Vision**- To live in a world where **anyone** with an internet connection **has access to the financial tools** needed to achieve **financial independence**.

## [GitCoin DAO](/undefined)

Our **mission** is to **build and fund digital public goods**.

We **empower communities of builders** to connect and work together to create the future of the open web.


## [Gnosis Safe Docs](/undefined)

Safe makes it easy for anyone to make and use accounts on the blockchain.

## [Aragon White Paper](/undefined)

The Aragon Network is an Aragon organization that provides infrastructure and services to users of the Aragon platform, and is governed by ANT holders. The existing Aragon infrastructure enables users to create and manage organizations. Each Aragon organization exists as a set of smart contracts that define the organization's stakeholders and their associated rights and privileges. However, some rights and privileges require subjective constraints that cannot be encoded in a smart contract directly.

The Aragon Court is a decentralized oracle protocol developed and maintained by the Aragon Network. The Aragon Court can be used by organizations, including the Aragon Network itself, to resolve subjective disputes with binary outcomes. When combined with the existing Aragon infrastructure, it enables an organization to create _Proposal Agreements_ that define subjective constraints on an organization's operation and can be enforced by minority stakeholders.

## [Arbitrum White Paper](/undefined)

Arbitrum is a Layer 2 cryptocurrency platform that makes smart contracts scalable, fast, and private.

## [Aave White Paper](/undefined)

The birth of the Aave Protocol marks Aave’s shift from a decentralized P2P lending strategy (direct loan relationship between lenders and borrowers, like in ETHLend) to a pool-based strategy.

## [IPFS White Paper](/undefined)

The InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) is a peer-to-peer distributed file system that seeks to connect all computing devices with the same system of files.

## [BAT White Paper](/undefined)

A decentralized, transparent digital ad exchange based on Blockchain.

## [Polkadot White Paper](/undefined)

Present-day blockchain architectures all suffer from a number of issues not least practical means of extensi-
bility and scalability. We believe this stems from tying two very important parts of the consensus architecture, namely canonicality and validity, too closely together. This paper introduces an architecture, the heterogeneous multi-chain,
which fundamentally sets the two apart.

## [Ouroboros White Paper](/undefined)

A Provably Secure Proof-of-Stake Blockchain Protocol

## [Ouroboros Pros White Paper](/undefined)

An adaptively-secure, semi-synchronous
proof-of-stake blockchain

## [Ouroboros Genesis White Paper](/undefined)

Composable Proof-of-Stake Blockchains with Dynamic Availability


## [Algorand White Paper](/undefined)

Algorand is a truly democratic and efficient way to implement a public ledger.

## [Axie Infinite White Paper](/undefined)

Axie Infinity is a universe filled with fierce, collectible creatures called Axies. Axie features a player-owned economy where players have complete ownership of their digital assets and can buy, sell, and trade them just like physical trading cards and collectibles.

## [Maker DAO White Paper](/undefined)

Dai is a decentralized, unbiased, collateral-backed cryptocurrency soft-pegged to the US Dollar. Resistant to hyperinflation due to its low volatility, Dai offers economic freedom and opportunity to anyone, anywhere.

## [Djed White Paper](/undefined)

A Formally Verified Crypto-Backed Pegged Algorithmic Stablecoin.

## [Binance BNB White Paper](/undefined)

With your help, Binance will build a world-class crypto exchange, powering the future of crypto finance.

## [Cosmos Hub White Paper](/undefined)

* Initial Vision
	* The creation of a secure software stack for building and connecting application specific blockchains has catalyzed a thriving ecosystem of sovereign interoperable communities and an increasingly dynamic inter-blockchain communication economy
* New Vision
	* In this new role, the Cosmos Hub becomes a secure platform for others to build the next generation of interchain-native infrastructure and applications, opening new opportunities for interchain coordination.

## [Uniswap White Paper](/undefined)

Uniswap v3 is a noncustodial automated market maker implemented for the Ethereum Virtual Machine.

## [IPC White Paper](/undefined)

The Dfinity blockchain computer provides a secure, performant and flexible consensus mechanism.

## [Helium White Paper](/undefined)

The Helium network is a decentralized wireless network that enables devices anywhere in the world to wirelessly connect to the Internet and geolocate themselves without the need for power-hungry satellite location hardware or expensive cellular plans.

## [Civic White Paper](/undefined)

To give people control and security over their digital identity.  

We believe identity should be convenient, safe and secure, and put users in control.

## [Civic Token Behaviour Model](/undefined)

Incentivize appropriate types of behavior within the network that optimize efficiency and accuracy in identity verification services, without using oracles which violate user privacy.



## Links

## [whitepaper](/6b8bed79-2b9b-47cc-83b1-f612998b35d5)