---
uuid: 54d596b2-12c5-485f-a2c9-e816e112e349
share: true
title: Context Graph File System
---
You do not have files you have memes.

[Grammar for your data](../Grammar for your data)

#### Goals

I want something like [PerKeep](../9c7ee4a4-18d0-452d-b707-cc2decd6b425), [PeerGos](../ae681009-35f1-44ee-8830-408df0c5a2f8), and [Mega.io](../81f86914-5efa-41e5-a090-b36e034ed46b) that can do the following,

* Runs natively in browsers
* Has version control
* Can be Peer to peer
* Has fractional sync functionality
* Has [RBAC](../c2a97a91-e9a0-4b83-9b91-acae4ec52e73)
* Supports [Encryption](../Encryption)
* Can work off remote cheap [S3](../cc64a399-1cbe-44ee-ab4a-f36343a593ff) storage

The key part of the [CGFS](../6ca740f7-9928-4997-9cc1-2cc6db297117) vision is that you can run your entire life off an encrypted blog storage and pub sub system not requiring compute to be done on any servers.

[PerKeep](../9c7ee4a4-18d0-452d-b707-cc2decd6b425) is an personal hash based blog storage system similar and older the IPFS. It can be mounted on Linux via [fuse](../78650c6f-ee5c-41fc-ab23-bb6fdce6d61e) allowing you absolute version control over your files. Problems with Fuse are that it does not run in browser, it is hard to configure, and is no longer maintained, and does not have the capacity to share individual files.

[PeerGos](../ae681009-35f1-44ee-8830-408df0c5a2f8) fulfills most of the requirements I have set out here except the first big one. Run natively in the browser. To self host [PeerGos](../ae681009-35f1-44ee-8830-408df0c5a2f8) you must run their server daemon which is very difficult to setup.

[Mega.io](../81f86914-5efa-41e5-a090-b36e034ed46b) for me personally is nearly the perfect encrypted storage solution except for three things.

1. [Mega.io](../81f86914-5efa-41e5-a090-b36e034ed46b) is a [saas](../Acronyms/saas) with a propriety backend therefore you can not self host, or operate peer to peer, though their clients are Open Source.
2. [Mega.io](../81f86914-5efa-41e5-a090-b36e034ed46b)'s client [mega-cmd](../6824a4cc-8501-42a2-8450-ef0d88d36f6b) does not support remote mounting like [NFS](../67d75bf6-213c-4956-a3fe-0a110c13f132) and [samba](../9c9e0876-4016-4731-a868-8c98e67310c6) therefore requiring syncing of files.
3. [Mega.io](../81f86914-5efa-41e5-a090-b36e034ed46b) does have a open source [webclient](https://github.com/meganz/webclient) but it seems difficult to use.

#### What problem does [CGFS](../6ca740f7-9928-4997-9cc1-2cc6db297117) Solve?

* I want [Obsidian](../f76a085e-f2c8-43bd-a852-47760f01e401) available as a self contained [PWA](../e21a3a79-8723-4df0-bbc4-7e6a6c15cd71),with version control, [RBAC](../c2a97a91-e9a0-4b83-9b91-acae4ec52e73) for notes, and peer to peer publishing capabilities. 



#### Features

* Type validation is done using [JSONSchema](../ae47732c-10e8-4d3b-b365-9c3902febdfa)
* Has a built in [PKI](../93f10d7f-09ea-4f32-85c9-a0f8f334fff1) to manage the keys for the [IPNS](../2bde5c00-e98d-4182-ac7f-5f7c24f0bd93) names.
* IPFS names are used for a variety of purposes.
	* Data can be shared and updated on the IPFS network
	* A separate private key can be used to sign the data to prove providence
	* The private key can be separately shared across devices and even people separating the concerns.
	* Rather than having indexes/collections/tables with their own namespace that can overlap and get confusing each app has their own collections and only when they explicitly reference one another can they be used across Dentropy Daemon applications.
* Built in version control, each IPFS named collection index/collection/table has a has a version control log that is incremented
* Data is not stored directly in indexes/collections/tables instead having data referenced via [IPFS](../e1636216-dee3-430e-949c-3b2c24c36701) [CID](../87e4fb9d-e5a8-4657-a7ba-f0962d1d075a), all application CID's are stored in a separate index/collection/table
* The only indexes/collections/tables that store raw data are
	* PKI
	* CID
	* Cached indexes/collections/tables generated from the IPNS indexes/collections/tables
* Application need to be able to operate over a S3 storage provider.

#### Backlinks

* [Epic User Journeys](/c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)
* [Epic User Journeys](/c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)
* [DDaemon Master Plan](/58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2)
* [CGFS](/6ca740f7-9928-4997-9cc1-2cc6db297117)