---
uuid: 58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2
share: true
title: DDaemon Master Plan
---
#### Inspiration Encapsulation

 We can use [Biscuit](../e92a03b3-9567-47a7-9c24-ce4ccb4119c6) + [DAG-JSON](../542cf224-0a5f-4c62-b4f8-41521da2dd50) [CID](../87e4fb9d-e5a8-4657-a7ba-f0962d1d075a)'s + [JSONSchema](../ae47732c-10e8-4d3b-b365-9c3902febdfa) + [ethersjs](../d833138c-b1fc-488b-81a1-195e6298178e) + [NFT](../1dc1e76e-7ad5-428c-97bf-8d86ea6808d9)+ [IndexedDB](../9fea8cfd-e8fa-4324-921c-e9455862e374) + [Nostr](../78abfe73-37cb-4f3b-9e08-faad85669fb7) + [Polars](../23d59da1-4db9-4e54-89c3-6d70064129cd) to produce the core Question Engine application.

The nature of Question Engine is peer to peer. I answer your question by spending one of your tokens. A individuals questions do not need to be stored on a Nostr server but can be CID's that are stored client side in [IndexedDB](../9fea8cfd-e8fa-4324-921c-e9455862e374).

A user can encrypt and send their entire [IndexedDB](../9fea8cfd-e8fa-4324-921c-e9455862e374) database to themselves.

A user can sync another device over [Nostr](../78abfe73-37cb-4f3b-9e08-faad85669fb7) though some websocket connection would likely work better. Imagine something like [Tox](../dc867e5b-6aee-4e82-8140-3ce94047e0e3) where people connect to each other randomly in order to produce an space for Anon's.

The authority of a Question Engine anon can regulate threads so we can create 4chan.

People can broadcast the commons they want to manage on the blockchain, for example I can broadcast ddaemon.org because I will take in people's annotations and comments on there.

People can have a permissioned link tree where they know when people go and request their data from there.

People can focus on asking the most interesting questions.

#### DDaemon Directory

* [Epic User Journeys](../c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)
* [DDaemon Queries for Apps](../DDaemon Queries for Apps)
* [DDaemon - Tech Breakdown](../457c6a22-361f-4b4b-9867-809c7c6d0316)
* [DDaemon - Types and Datasets](../34c12519-617b-4ab2-995d-6cf7f8f4f691)
* [DDaemon Questions and Research](../DDaemon Questions and Research)
* [DDaemon - Thoughts](../edc2124b-c88b-4aaf-8d15-4dfb8ca8397b)
* [DDaemon - Brand Elements](../83cb4e78-016e-4a9f-bcc4-e0dd9743d696)

#### Key User Journeys

1. [Community Meme Context Generation User Journey](../7505fb07-cf5f-4c28-957b-2fc4b4453a32)
2. [Publishing PKMS on Question Engine User Journey](../dc2b4dc8-37f7-4da0-acab-98ce0ee7088e)
3. [Question Engine - QE](../cc5cc49d-f554-4f29-b31a-b8789688e6a3)
4. [Questioning Tulpa's User Journey](../78fa2b89-4310-4e9c-96dd-d8b60c06d8fd)
5. [Community (DAO) Interrogation User Journey](../a8ffb459-7da7-45bb-a67c-38b03dc63f92)
6. [Web Browsing with Competitive Context User Journey](../Web Browsing with Competitive Context User Journey)
7. [Annotate the Munk Debate User Journey](../8bc62680-edce-427a-bf74-8b5aafa1537e)
#### Reminders

* [OrbitDB](../36e8ce81-5c50-479f-a9bd-2eff92802abf)
* We need a way for people to comment on all my user stories and journeys
* I need a way to map files, such as memes ebooks and documents etc, to an ontology
* Produce memelets that have value to others
#### DDaemon Design Prompts

- We need a way to annotate all digital data.
- Imagine multi threaded twitter being produced from my logs, for example I can stream my browsing history when I am researching a specific topic.
- We need a way to collaboratively life log.
- We need a way to communicate our quests.
- If a competent dev can produce a twitter clone by themselves in under a week by themselves whatever replaces twitter should also be able to be done in a week but use a fundamentally different design.
- We need a embedding hub, sure we use CID's to look stuff up but we also need to do embeddings for images and text.
- Where is blockchain twitter, where is blockchain reddit, why haven't people started using these things
#### DDaemon Design

* [My Grift - Organizing Principal - Personal Legend](../My Grift - Organizing Principal - Personal Legend)
	* [DDaemon - Brand Elements](../83cb4e78-016e-4a9f-bcc4-e0dd9743d696)
#### Design Doc

* [Design Brief - DDaemon](../702312c0-e3ed-464f-bc49-beb2de1169b6)
* [Requirements - DDaemon](../Requirements - DDaemon)
* [Design Concept - DDaemon](../Design Concept - DDaemon)
#### DDaemon Components

* [Context Graph File System](../54d596b2-12c5-485f-a2c9-e816e112e349)
	* Annotate Anything
	* Life Log File System
	* Key Value Store on top of IPLD using CID's inspired by Perkeep
* [Question Engine - QE](../cc5cc49d-f554-4f29-b31a-b8789688e6a3)
	* Have productive conversations with contextualized data
* Something to do with Data Caching or AI Execution on Private Data
#### DDaemon Apps

* CGFS Drive
	* [PKMS to CGFS](../PKMS to CGFS)
	* [Memes to CGFS](../Memes to CGFS)
	* [Books and documents to CGFS](../Books and documents to CGFS)
* [Tulpa Manager](../e851f5ad-51f5-4c68-b844-88e27c5d07f6)
* [Decision Sieve](../293e4694-14ed-45ab-8fd5-7c84fee0a2b6)
	* Refine context to a single point to make a decision.
* PKMS Daemon
* Web Archiving / Social Bookmarking
* Parental Controls / Child Upbringing
* [AI Prompting Daemon](../AI Prompting Daemon)
* [Lexicon Daemon](../Lexicon Daemon)
* [Ontology Daemon](../Ontology Daemon)
* [Spaced Repetition Daemon](../Spaced Repetition Daemon)
* [Social Media Daemon](../Social Media Daemon)
* [Quest App](../Quest App)
* [Self Authoring Schema App](../Self Authoring Schema App)
* [Skills App](../Skills App)

#### Backlinks

* [ETL to QE, Update 26, Roadmap Revisited and Scalable Memes](/a6694d76-0b96-4dd7-8f4a-8d213fef86f0)
* [ETL to QE, Update 26, Roadmap Revisited and Scalable Memes](/a6694d76-0b96-4dd7-8f4a-8d213fef86f0)
* [Dentropy Daemon - Home](/488cb22c-91d3-4d1e-bd47-b1588e3fb899)
* [Dentropy Daemon Listicle](/15c66694-3dc9-4115-afb8-887a6e52ffea)