---
uuid: 6af8ae27-bf2e-4228-aaba-d28f82f4e329
share: true
title: Research - Format of messages from different messaging apps
---
* Apps
	* [Twitter](../335d3083-0670-4fc8-aa73-62e970123289)
		* Tweets
		* DMs
	* [Discord](../434d4a81-f2cc-4a50-b75c-0c66af4c15b2)
		* Channels
		* DMs
	* [DiscordChatExporter](../96e29692-2bcb-48eb-90fd-3cd8fdd986c3)
	* [Keybase](../d327da7e-0881-4517-8a8f-c20190efeaa4)
		* Team
		* Group Chat
	* [Facebook](../ffaff3fb-3237-40f8-abba-0b87ed05c16b)
		* Post on Wall
		* Group Chat
		* Post in Group
	* [Element For Matrix Protocol](../9158b8fa-8cd1-4fe7-af66-8f4cccde3c79)
		* Spaces
		* Rooms
	* [Hypothes.is](../dedecb5f-c142-402e-84d4-126b3e6cda9f)
	* [memex.garden](../c6cc57b2-ed86-4f69-b656-c534988f6673)
	* [Nostr](../78abfe73-37cb-4f3b-9e08-faad85669fb7)
	* [Email](../ee10d3a4-1249-412c-a6eb-cd8efbcb3978)
	* [friend.tech](../6d931c93-a20b-4641-96cc-03a5cc222502)
	* [Telegram](../0f693b68-2bb2-4679-8665-e25024c47a34)
	* [tiddlywiki](../0616d5be-c9a1-4854-bfd1-a7e4614d1500)
		* HTML file
		* NodeJS Server
	* [Mattermost](../f3a6ba74-0607-47a0-9394-a3cb82b65981)
	* [Slack](../f509ed53-d79a-4030-8984-9a02088a04ef)
* Graph Schema
	* Wikijs
	* [Element For Matrix Protocol](../9158b8fa-8cd1-4fe7-af66-8f4cccde3c79)
	* [Mattermost](../f3a6ba74-0607-47a0-9394-a3cb82b65981)
* Annotation Schema
	* [Raindrop.io](../10a39cee-adc7-43fc-bd29-28256e1a6144)
	* [memex.garden](../c6cc57b2-ed86-4f69-b656-c534988f6673)
	* [Calibre](../e326e3c9-4fe3-48e2-bcd9-d0bc5f0a337e)
	* [Markup Annotate Software](../f55d6794-c0fe-41dd-acf6-08bdac14df73)
	* [Fuzzy String Matching](../cd1f4a9e-f691-42d5-94bc-9445baaa4a6f)


#### TODO

* To Sort
	* Why can't Nostr events be embedded in one another or link to one another
		* Nostr Events can be made of IPLD DAG-JSON
	* Nostr events can technically reply to more than one post at once

#### Example JSON Structure

**Raw Memes**
``` JSON
{
	"meme":{
		"title" : STRING,
	    "type" : STRING,
	    "text":{
	      "body":"Hello World",
	      "entity_mentions": null
	    },
	    "metadata" : {
	    
	    }
	    ...
	}
}


{
	"hash" : MEME_CID,
	"signature_type" : STRING,
		// [Ed25519](../f4a2bcb6-51c5-42ba-9f95-b08a0e5a4730) 
		// [secp256k1](../1a437e92-1bcb-47d0-9475-5bd61d86f59b)
		// [TLS](../017fa480-0484-452c-9144-3b34b3ad6c37)
		// [PGP](../5df9b58c-313a-42ac-a127-c48bcb1d8bcb)
		// [Age software](../fb4bc5ab-ea80-4856-a0ba-f2396175a226)
	"signature" : STRING
}

{
	"hash" : MEME_CID,
	"tokens" [
		TRANSACTION_HASH_CID
	],
	"signature" : STRING
}
```

**Memelets / Attachments / Files**
``` JSON

{
	"memelet" : [
		"linked_CIDs" : [CID, CID]
		"raw_meme" : CID
	    ...
	},
		"reply_to" : []
	]
}

```
Memelets should attach context to each linked_CID
Isn't that the job of the content
The content may be in some obscure type not easily understood
Well we have the additional key value store that can link to the CID, for example we can have a file name and stuff
Well we want to give context for why the CID is linked in the first place
Well what do we link?
The key value store is good enough, though it may be worth thinking of back links
Well we want a graph, so the CID in the attachments should also be a key and have a list of attachments.
We can use [Cytoscape](../7959eac3-09b5-42df-b702-a7c65458052e)js 



#### Edges

Edges are just a memelet, possibly with a special content type
#### **Collective Tagging / Ontology Management**

Tags are CID's or Key's like a UUID from a IPNS data store that are supposed to be self referencing. They can be embedded within a memelet or memebase that gives them context but they are supposed to be self contained.

This requires an Ontology, so first you must create an ontology in order to create a tag.
Then when you use the tag it has to reference where on the ontology it belong.
What happens when a tag is deleted from an Ontology.
Just give a big warning saying that is should be transformed or as as a [DNS](../6f2b1d6c-3b38-4e05-bf02-69af4d23f098) [CNAME Record](../5191c3c4-6264-4070-b4ca-c8bc1bb81884)
The Ontology should be seen as an append only list, of course with the capping idea.
Oh I guess we can still do raw #hashtags by just providing a CID of the hashtag raw.

What about using an ontology to link stuff, for example taking a concept applying a wiki tag, then linking to actual wikis?
Well that should be a memelet, or a series of memelets summarized at the end.

Shouldn't these ontologies be linked together just like memes can?
Ontologies are just meme sets that are self referencing.
Maybe we should use a different term if we.

Wait can't Ontologies just be really big memelets?

Well we have the constraint that memelet's can't hold more than 144 meme references. Similar to how [npm](../Software/List/npm) packages can't hold more than 800 packages.

Oh so the way Tags are supposed to work is that they need to be recursive CID's. Which themselves can be a CID. So reference a meme embedded within a memelet embedded in a memelet. This is the same as referencing a book, then a page, then a paragraph.

So Ontologies are more a cultural thing than a hard coded concept?

Exactly, they don't need special types beyond the recursive CID and the culture of trying to maintain the core memelet as self referential.

So Ontologies need to be an IPNS link, then a CAR file?

[How do you list contents of CAR file?](../How do you list contents of CAR file?)

Well if you have an ontology it should be self contained right?

Yes but what about working with Python and stuff? [DAG-JSON](../542cf224-0a5f-4c62-b4f8-41521da2dd50) is much better used.......

We can produce a DAG-JSON file and it can have a hard coded key -CID paid for all its contents as a CAR file so it can more easily be downloaded.

So the story here is a user should have a series of ontologies available to them and web pages can contain their own ontologies. Ontologies can be thought of as javascript packages.

**Raw Hashtag**
``` JSON
{
	"reference_CID" : "",
	"raw_hashtag" : ""
}
```

**Ontology**, must be recursively hashed signature chain

Root of Ontology
``` JSON
{
	"tag": {
	},
	""
}
```

Node of Ontology

Edge of Ontology
``` JSON

```

**Tag from Ontology**
``` JSON
{
	"": {
	}
}
```

#### Message Features

* Text Meme
	* ID
	* Hash
	* Sender
	* Timestamp
	* Crypto Signature
	* Content Type
		* For Example, Text, Tiddlywiki, Markdown, HTML
	* Raw Content
	* Tag People and Entities
	* Tags in General
	* Key Value Metadata
		* Tiddlywiki Has This
* Additional Meme Types
	* Attachments
		* UUID
		* Filename
		* File Extension
		* File Blob
	* URLs
		* URL
			* CID of URL
		* Image
		* Description
	* Tweets / Threads / Collections / Memelets
		* Replies
		* Just have a tag the references the previous post, hopefully two posts and does a synthases
	* Read Recites
		* Who cares right now
	* Slash Commands, gRPC
		* See [Mattermost](../f3a6ba74-0607-47a0-9394-a3cb82b65981), [Telegram](../0f693b68-2bb2-4679-8665-e25024c47a34), [Slack](../f509ed53-d79a-4030-8984-9a02088a04ef), and [Discord](../434d4a81-f2cc-4a50-b75c-0c66af4c15b2)


#### Backlinks

* [ETL to QE, Update 24, Roadmap Revisited with Memes](/89c90b4a-2065-4b58-93eb-107794ed8671)
* [ETL to QE, Update 23, Designing and Checking my Premises](/2bd9365f-daba-418c-bbe8-3aed2804909d)
* [ETL to QE, Update 23, Designing and Checking my Premises](/2bd9365f-daba-418c-bbe8-3aed2804909d)
* [CGFS Meme Model](/88bdf6a2-d788-4352-bb46-373a72542d71)
* [Backlog - DDaemon](/b9cd3e8b-1727-4a22-9332-90b42b5a7ffb)