---
uuid: 7e1a7e96-1b7e-4893-b51e-625206beaa55
share: true
title: Redefining Human Instrumentality Directory
---
## White Paper

* [Reading Realm token strategy overview](/undefined)
* [White Paper and Project Summaries](/4edd1389-1223-4dfa-b004-7fd601c714ad)
* [White Paper and Project Outlines](/3ebc2356-8b1a-42a2-8136-9e693039c00f)
* [Redefining Human Instrumentality White Paper Outline and Versions](/d529d7cc-2073-4451-a7c9-c0125b6f17f9)


## [Redefining Human Instrumentality Brain Goop](/undefined)

## [Situation Scan](/undefined)

* Observations
	* We are about to enter a world where AI tools will allow for psychological manipulation of the likes humanity has never seen
	* Humanity on mass seems to be becoming dumber with lower and lower attention spans, while at the same time we are solidifying class divisions and creating a new class of hyper intelligentsia
	* There is a battle for "context"
	* The war over the definition of digital identity will decide the shape of the human experience for as far as we can see into the future
	* The "Instrumentality" from [The Rediscovery of Man](/a1e22b45-2551-43af-aa2d-5f4dc4c788c8) basically forced everyone to be happy and supported that life style via a degenerate slave underclass
	* The fractional reserve system is
* Questions
	* [What problem are we trying to solve?](/undefined)
		* How do we turn Urbit into the Space Race of Computer Science
		* We need an army to pull off a psyop
	* What are the biggest utility tokens by market cap?
	* What are the different [Token Types](/undefined)?
	* Do we want to require use of this token for some sort of market?
		* Can you imagine BAT requiring that advertisers to pay in BAT? LOL NO
* Links
	* [Blockchain Tournaments Proposal](/undefined)
	* [Blockchain Oracle](/undefined)
	* [Play to Earn](/undefined)
	* [NFT Questions](/undefined)
	* [Blockchain Gaming Projects](/undefined)
	* [Tokenomics](/undefined)
* CUCEGS
	* Competition
		* [Livepeer](/undefined)
		* [Theta THETA](/undefined)
		* [Basic Attention Token  BAT](/undefined)
		* [ENS Token](/undefined)
		* [Ocean Protocol](/undefined)
		* [NFT Shit](/undefined)
			* [MyProjects/Holium/Research/Product Research/Axie Infinity](/undefined)
		* [Blockchain Oracle](/undefined)
			* [Chainlink](/undefined)
			* [Augar](/undefined)'s REP
		* [Play to Earn](/undefined)
			* [Decentraland](/3079829e-6163-4297-9701-ba03086bde7d)
			* [The Sandbox](/undefined)
			* [MyNeighborAlice](/undefined)
			* [Firstblood](/undefined)
		* [Decentralized Storage](/4eeba131-6a6e-4d85-9acc-38cf68f7c9d7)
			* [Arweave](/undefined)
			* [Filecoin](/undefined)
			* [Storj](/undefined)
	* Users
		* Urbit Planet Hosters
		* Urbit Planet Users
		* Urbit Network Operators
	* Circumstances
	* Environment
	* Goals
	* Strategy
* Sources
	* [The Stack Overflow Creative Commons Data Dump has been turned off | Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36257523)
	* 


## Brainstorming Ideas

* Bounty protocol, but with easy game like progression
	* Think Polkadot and getting one of those 100 positions
* Quest Engine for Real Life
	* A game of games
	* Reddit, Stack Overflow replacement
	* No File Found
* Church of the Daemon
	* [Curtis Yarvin](/undefined) literally talks about the over 10 people that manage the PKI of planet earth
	* The walled gardens of social media are going to fall and people may or may not end up with control over their own data.
	* If people do end up with control over their own data we will need a new class of priests, shamans, teachers, and "mages" to teach people how to act within a brave new world.
	* The principal of reconciliation and how people articulate their sins out loud to a purveyor of god is a powerful act that can be reinterpreted for the digital age using daemons. With all our location history, messages, photos, posts, browsing history recorded etc. etc. we can have calls with anon wizards who can request queries of our daemon and provide context to our lives. If everyone had a quest log it would make this that much more easier.
* Create our own intelligence apparatus
	* Lightning Network Mechanical Turk
	* Psyop Interrogator Tooling
	* Context sold as a commodity
	* Replace Google
	* Identity
	* Oracle Network