---
uuid: 86917ba0-a64e-464a-bdb7-2e2fddd36ea4
share: true
title: Learn to Code Questions
---
Let's start with a list of Questions

## Observing Questions

* [Why do you want to learn to code?](/undefined)
* [What are your favorite pieces of software?](/undefined)
* [How many programming languages can you name?](/undefined)
	* [What are each of those programming languages used for?](/undefined)
	* [What are android apps written in?](/undefined)
	* [What are iPhone apps written in?](/undefined)
* [What programming languages are your favorite applications written in?](/undefined)
* [Why do different programming languages exist?](/undefined)
* [What is Unix?](/undefined)
* [What is Linux?](/undefined)
* [Why is Unix important?](/undefined)
* [What programming language is Unix and Linux written in?](/undefined)
* [What are the different categories of software?](/undefined)
* [What are the pros and cons of each programming language you know about?](/undefined)
* [Can you name me a legendary programer from history?](/undefined)
	* [What programming language did this legendary programer write in?](/undefined)
* [What kind of software do you want to write?](/undefined)


## Orienting Questions

* [What is the difference between a Markup Language and a Programming Language?](/undefined)
* [What is a REPL?](/undefined)
* [What is the difference between a compiled and interpreted language?](/undefined)
## Terminal

* [Why is using the terminal important?](/undefined)
	* [Can you name 5 terminal commands off the top of your head?](/undefined)



## Theory Questions


* [What is Functional Programming?](/undefined)
	* [Can you name programming languages are mostly or completely functional?](/undefined)
* [What is Object Oriented programming?](/undefined)
	* [Can you name programming languages are object oriented?](/undefined)



## 

## Links

* [Learn to Code](/130694a5-2d87-49f7-bb8b-123bf5c320a4)