---
uuid: 8e4dcccd-5b90-4ce7-b487-d0d7459f7eef
share: true
title: Question Engine QE User Journeys
---
#### Directory

* [Question Engine User Stories](../f137b314-579f-42ab-8be5-1c72bf9ebcd9)
* [Question Engine on CGFS](../Question Engine on CGFS)

#### Killer Features

* On QE you can query people and not have to wait for them to answer.
	* On QE all your data has RBAC tags on it, default by private, and for each tag you can mint a token for people or have a conversion factor for the information
	* You can query people by sending an embedding at them
#### Features

* Persona verses Account
* Questions and Memes
* Tokens are required to interact with one another
	* Auto minting
	* Relate to [friend.tech](../6d931c93-a20b-4641-96cc-03a5cc222502)
* Memelets, collections of memes with context that tell a story
* PKMS with Tags, Groups, and RBAC
* [LLM](../8098d812-cde1-4a26-ac6f-793f02067948) Microtransactions
* Chaos
	* Comment on the links in my PKMS
	* Share data between clients on different origins
		* Copy the test between the pages to share a key
	* IPFS file system in browser using [IndexedDB](../9fea8cfd-e8fa-4324-921c-e9455862e374)
	* Replace ChatGPT with annotated ChatGPT by People
	* Require people to digest media before moving forward, min 36 characters of text
	* Respond via Voice [Open Whisper](../c617873e-4469-45e8-90fc-3fc280207ae5)
#### The User Journey

* *Meme Digestion into Quest Assignment*
	* [What is the first thing someone should do on Question Engine?](../97a88056-f839-4ca7-913a-be9b97710a9e)
	* [What is the second thing someone should do on Question Engine?](../c69d5896-cb91-43da-b454-a396447a3d7e)
	* [What is the third thing someone should do on Question Engine?](../63adbd84-8206-4907-8085-683b478e845d)
	* [What is the fourth thing someone should do on Question Engine?](../1fde4324-449a-4ec6-b0d9-a83e3b882670)
#### Theory

* [People are Blockchains](../d4eecf2d-b918-4726-a647-6c15cdf3e8a3)

#### Questions

* [What is the first use case for Question Engine?](../What is the first use case for Question Engine?)
* [What do I want to use Question Engine for?](../What do I want to use Question Engine for?)
* [What do I want to talk about through Question Engine?](../What do I want to talk about through Question Engine?)
* [How do people discover Question Engine?](../How do people discover Question Engine?)
* [Why would someone want to use Question Engine?](../e189e074-79c9-4ffe-95cc-61c68d5d43d8)
* [What are some initial things people should talk about on Question Engine?](../What are some initial things people should talk about on Question Engine?)
* [What am I personally seeking with Question Engine?](../What am I personally seeking with Question Engine?)
* How do I Questions
	* [How do I want to be seen?](../How do I want to be seen?)
	* [How do I want to be treated?](../How do I want to be treated?)
	* [How do I want to be prompted?](../How do I want to be prompted?)
	* [How do I want to prompt others?](../How do I want to prompt others?)
	* [How do I want people to remember me?](../How do I want people to remember me?)
	* [How do I want people to react to me?](../How do I want people to react to me?)
	* [How do I want to perform for other people?](../How do I want to perform for other people?)

#### Question Engine Key User Groups

* My Friends
* My Family
* People I interview about Question Engine
#### User Journey List

* User Journeys from [User Journeys List](https://chat.openai.com/share/943e6e3c-8e76-4f59-8a18-fbc186b09df9)
	* **New User Onboarding for a Mobile App**
	* **Customer Service Interaction for a Tech Product**
	* **Joining and Participating in an Online Educational Course**
	* **Attending a Virtual Conference**
	* **Using a Fitness Tracking App**
	* **Setting Up a Personal Budgeting Tool**
	* **Participating in an Online Gaming Community**
	* Facebook: New User Experience
	* Facebook: Event Planning
	* Instagram: Photography Enthusiast Journey
	* Instagram: Brand Marketing Journey
* [Question Engine POC User Journey](../Question Engine POC User Journey)

#### Backlinks

* [Epic User Journeys](/c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)