---
uuid: 9949cc79-681a-4ec8-a963-538958be3ec1
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 15, Attended Hackathon and Project Management
---
Date: [2023-10-23](/2023-10-23)

Over the weekend I attended [Blockhack](/Blockhack), [here](https://devpost.com/software/mordor-faucet?ref_content=my-projects-tab&ref_feature=my_projects) is our project submission. Also check out this [video from the hackathon shilling some AI product](https://twitter.com/Hypercycle_AI/status/1729933497584820430) that has shots of my team and I.
## Problems with Coordination and Leadership

After finding a team of people I liked we spent a couple hours trying to scope out a project we could deliver over the weekend. I wanted to do Fractional Royalties and I realized I could not explain the problem clearly or get anyone to understand why I thought the problem was worth everyone's time. When one of the team members suggested trying to deploy a L2 Bridge on [Ethereum Classic](/acea1c18-e502-4a7c-bee7-76fac0c03bd0) from scratch I just asked them to expand and I saw the rest of the team like the idea.

## Choosing to Change Perspective

About half way through the hackathon we got stuck and realized we were not going to be able to deploy a L2 bridge, [Scroll L2 Blockchain](/1e2cd501-3e75-42f5-a9eb-585f0ccaab2c), from scratch. We could compile most the components but could not get the prover to run because of some [CUDA](/12a0653d-c01e-47fb-a4f4-2ec3dcfce564) incompatibility. You can see how far we got in [2023 Blockhack](/2023 Blockhack) under the **Scroll Deployment Plan** headline.

We as a team had reached a point where we could not troubleshoot any further. We simply did not have the expertise to build to troubleshoot complex cryptographic software written in Go. Then one of our team members complained that they could not get testnet Eth on [Ethereum Classic](/acea1c18-e502-4a7c-bee7-76fac0c03bd0) so we set out to solve that problem.

## Simple Things are Complex when you do not take time to understand the problem

After having stayed up all night the night before trying to get [Scroll L2 Blockchain](/1e2cd501-3e75-42f5-a9eb-585f0ccaab2c) up and running I was not cognoscente enough to effectively lead the development of what I thought was a simple ethereum faucet.

I tried doing everything at once switching from task to task rather than breaking down one problem at a time. If we had white boarded the problems deeply rather than just writing API endpoints we could have delivered more usable code we could be more prod of. We still won 2 prizes at the hackathon so I have no right to complain.


## Idea, Daily Hackathon Pitch to self Actualize like [Linus Sebastian](/Linus Sebastian)

It is over a month and a half later and I have still not done this. I am leaving that headline there for us to mutually cringe at.


#### Backlinks

* [Project Update Posts](/4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876)