---
uuid: 9dfba51c-8092-411d-859b-9acf356ec385
share: true
title: The 4 Step plan for Question Engine v0
---
Language has layers of meaning that do not come out in our words. Things like a triple entendre have three meanings. Rather than cognitively processing that three meanings exist for a set of words why don't we attach an additional dimension or two to our media so we can get those meanings explicitly articulated.

<!--
The first paragraph does not actually describe what you want to do. You need to answer a series of questions with your opening statement.

1. What is Question Engine
2. What is ETL
3. Provide context to the problem you only hint at
4. Provide context for what the rest of the document is going to be about
-->

Just like how a single piece of music is never played exactly the same way twice the same can be said for a sentence being interpreted. Every person brings a unique context to the media they consume yet the essence of the message still remains. The message that remains is emergent and beyond what any single persona says about a piece of work. The context around a work usually says more than the work itself especially when people consume the thoughts and opinions of others who have consumed the work, recursively, creating a very interesting game of broken telephone of which we all engage.

<!--
You need a topic sentense.
You should start with your ELI5 Question Engine document
-->

Every paragraph ever written can have 100's of questions asked about it. Sure some of these questions might have little value or context. Thing is though every person asks a different set of questions and sorts it in a completely unique way, just like how a song is never played the same way twice.

Wouldn't it be cool if there was a piece of software that allowed everyone to question everything with minimum context switching!

The Questions you ask usually reveal more about who you are than one reveals literally describing themselves. Questions reveals how one thinks while descriptions reveal how they wants to be seen. One problem, or more accurately feature, of the human condition is that we can't turn off our threat detection. Honey Badger may not care, but Human's, they tend to care. One must desire something in order to be alive otherwise they are just a conduit for others desires. Other's desires, that brings us to the next bug.... I mean feature.

We are social creatures who can't explicitly communicate our intentions. Can you imagine if everyone acted how they were feeling? It wouldn't be very natural, just like the show [Friends](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LaG25gdJog). This dichotomy between feeling and intentions on one side and whatever we tend communicate on the other is what makes humans so interesting. Acting one way and behaving another happens so often that is requires people fracture their psyches. This fracturing comes in the form of compartmentalization resulting in this [cohesive concept of being an illusion.](/undefined) 

All the different personas we act as in different situations constitute different parts of us that react differently to our internal thoughts, feeling, and emotions. The performance we put on for others doesn't stop when we are by ourselves. The audience changes from other black boxes to simulacrum shadows of those black boxes hiding in our psyche we can't turn off.

Wouldn't it be cool if software encouraged our different personas to engage with one another under clear supervision, possibly with the help of others!

The person's we wield exist for one distinct purpose that makes us human, intelligence. It is said that, "The test of a first rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function." These Persona's maintain cognitive dissonance and allow us to act and survive in the world.

Intelligence is more than thinking, thinking by itself is just cognition. Intelligence requires the capability to perform, capability to act, capability to navigate to ones desired goals. Intelligence requires decisions. The decisions we make are always surrounded by the context of the persona fragments derived from our interactions with others. So maybe design the persona you are performing for rather than the persona you want to be.

I am supposed to be producing networks of memes that can be interacted with by others.

Where is the map of memes?

I have a four step plan to make this vision of commoditized context come true,

## 1. Discord Analytics Reports and Dashboard

* [DAO Auditing via Discord](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f)

## 2. Graph based Annotation on top of Discord Data

* Label where I want to exchange value
* Highlight high agency individuals explicitly with custom human and LLM descriptions
* Topic Modelling with results stored in Graph Database
## 3. Generalize Annotation DDaemon Style

* Keybase Data
* [Raindropio](/053d3ec8-825f-40bd-b187-926273159b09) annotation
* Youtube Playlists Annotation
* Reddit Saved + Subreddits Annotation
* Activity Watcher + Browsing History
* Linkedin Connections

## 4. Proof of Meme Micro bounty Platform

* Turn the namespace of all questions, grammatical or not, into a mineable resource claimable by cryptographic identities



P.S. Your life has value, God dammit, start acting like it.



## Links

* [The 4 Step plan for Question Engine - VERSIONS](/undefined)