---
uuid: 9e00b380-91e7-4092-98fd-838dc5fd21d8
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 19, Greatness is Other People
---
Date: [2024-01-02](/2024-01-02)

#### Upgrade for [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](/f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb)

I rewrote my Obsidian Publishing tool to support sqlite as its native storage system, include back links in all documents, and setup analytics using [Plausible](/44e138f7-a286-44bf-9ada-04567baba8fa). My blog is nice but none of these features really mean anything without a overarching goal.

The problem I am trying to solve is how how to produce composable context. I want any piece of data to be able to reference any other piece of data. Then I want to go about adding context to everything with my friends and family.

I have implicitly been planning to merge [Question Engine - QE](/cc5cc49d-f554-4f29-b31a-b8789688e6a3), [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](/f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb), and the [Discord Binding](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) into a single framework. I want shareable ontology schema's to overlay all this data.

I am starting to think that I can represent every note in my [PKMS](/ea5dd34b-8140-436d-9106-1bea26a2b5d9) as a CID. In regard to my [Discord Binding](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) I can have the raw_markdown as a CID, the rendered markdown as a CID, and even have a CID for each UUID and my site_url to be used as a root note for each document. [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](/f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb) should output a [DAG](/5c845e58-c017-4660-9de7-1146168f3e83).

#### The Blockchain Audacity Problem

Blockchain knowledge is useless in isolation. I like to think [Blockchain is a game theory solution to the double spend problem](/Blockchain is a game theory solution to the double spend problem). The core of [Game Theory](/c5ea45c4-9c31-4a58-9f58-45899596e413) is the modeling the behavior of multiple people. I am not coordinating anybody besides myself. This needs to change.
#### I am not following a Design Process

I always think to myself how I want someone to tell me what to do, a [scapegoat](/39930543-f5e4-4aa7-81f0-8c3251360055) to escape personal responsibility. I have my list of [Design Document](/72b49f16-d061-40d5-94c6-390a6c0c02b4)'s and [Design Heuristics](/5e01e1ef-4aa4-491d-8ac3-8f0343201a97) I just need to make commitment to follow one.

#### I am not doing any research

I often forget the most important part of designing a product is properly understanding the problem. I remember long ago working on [VITT](/VITT) (Visual Information Through Touch) I started reading published papers and didn't process the information effectively because I got overwhelmed, plus I was not asking the right questions.

I am having a very hard time reaching out to community managers to interview them for my [Discord Binding](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) project. Yet again, it should be as simple as just sending a DM. I need to actually engage with others. Maybe if I had a proper document explaining everything I am trying to do I can send to people things would be better.

I keep using this phrase, commoditize context, yet I do not even have a definition of context. I can't give an example of a context commodity. I don't actively produce any context. I do not properly [digest my memes](/3199ddd2-0582-43ab-8d1b-041d34a70b94). I have not properly articulated [What do I want?](/What do I want?)

#### DDaemon Apps and User Journeys

I do not have any compelling user journeys.

I recently rediscovered my [DDaemon Queries for Apps](/DDaemon Queries for Apps) document and started adding to it. I realized that my queries can be sorted into datasets like with my [Discord Binding](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) except rather than raw discord data one can have a [PKMS](/ea5dd34b-8140-436d-9106-1bea26a2b5d9), relationship, publishing, or [Tulpa](/07b300d6-954f-4c14-9b4d-c60419b1d4e5)/Relationship/CRM app.

As mentioned above in my section on `Blockchain Audacity Problem` I need to be working with other people otherwise what is the point. Well I have all these phrases I like to repeat maybe I just need to expand on them then get other people to comment.

* [Commoditize Context](/6c1a104f-51d8-40ac-bb23-c5768cdbfb16)
* [Mimetic Supply Chain](/9dd0b1b5-eecb-47c7-8755-0ddd8ec3b5a5) / [Meme Map](/593c302e-4349-4915-8705-c9fe8509f024)
* [Psyop Interrogation Software](/bc513a43-335b-45b6-b323-46c78a688bc8)
* [Recompile the internet with context, meaning, and awareness](/Recompile the internet with context, meaning, and awareness)
* [Use algorithms to enhance human agency while building infrastructure cypherpunks would admire.](/Use algorithms to enhance human agency while building infrastructure cypherpunks would admire.)
* [I want to produce a DAO intelligence network in order to prototype the Daemon](/I want to produce a DAO intelligence network in order to prototype the Daemon)
* [I want to find the prime movers of DAO's and ask them to fill out a Catechism](/I want to find the prime movers of DAO's and ask them to fill out a Catechism)

Well it looks like I have articulated what I want now it is a matter of using my [Discord Binding](/1c376bfd-75ef-4c0d-9e23-3680653de55f) to find people with similar wants.

#### Map of What?

I keep telling myself that I am trying to create a map of DAO's. What I want to do is map a layer of *intent* on top of each discord message. I imagine a vector attached to each individual describing their desires. People can have a velocity, the rate they meet other people, and hopefully coordinate follows in their wake.

What if I take a [View from Above](/e2690e8c-9b3c-4275-9a4b-66ea918f00e3) and try labeling myself the way I would go about labeling other people. Well first I must go about labeling other people, I need an ontology, set of traits and questions, I want to have mapped out for everyone I care about. Beyond that I need to understand What are the features on this map? That should help me answer [How do I want to shape the world?](/How do I want to shape the world?)


#### Backlinks

* [Project Update Posts](/4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876)