---
uuid: a0e190a2-4225-4937-b81d-45fd29e0c4ce
share: true
title: Random Questions for Discord Data
---
## Brainstorming Random Questions

1. How many users messaged in discord guild
2. How many roles exist in discord guild
3. What is the distribution of each role within the discord guild
4. What are the rarest roles within the discord guild
5. Who has the most roles within the Discord Guild
6. How many messages per time period per time period, for example messages per day for October 2022
7. How many messages per
8. Who sent the first message on the Discord Guild
9. Is the person who sent the first message on the Discord Guild still active?
10. How many different bots are in the Discord Guild
11. Is food or eating ever mentioned in the Discord Guild
12. Is sleeping or napping ever mentioned in the Discord Guild
13. What programming languages are mentioned in the Discord Guild
14. What distinct names are mentioned in the discord guild
15. What media, books, movies, and music are mentioned in the Discord Guild
16. How many URL's are posted within the discord guild
17. What domain names are posted within the discord guild
18. What is the popularity of each domain name within the discord guild
19. Do different channels have a bias for what domain they post URL's from
20. What percentage of messages from a user have a URL
21. What message has the most URLs
22. What user posted the most URLs
23. What user swears the most
24. What channel has the most swear words
25. Who has the most varied vocabulary
26. Replies to a link
27. Just posts a URL without context

#### Backlinks

* [Questions for Discord Data](/46abc67b-bbe7-4800-82f5-f08d4c457ef0)