---
uuid: a6694d76-0b96-4dd7-8f4a-8d213fef86f0
share: true
title: ETL to QE, Update 26, Observe and Orient
---
I have plenty of backlogs and roadmaps some public some private. For example,

* General Backlogs
	* [DDaemon Master Plan](../58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2)
	* [Roadmap - Dentropy Daemon 0.0.1](../8d4d461f-49f7-4dbd-829f-807d0bb602df)
	* [Roadmap - Question Engine](../Roadmap - Question Engine)
	* [DDaemon Master Plan](../58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2)
	* [Backlog - Tutorials](../31f7e81a-967e-41f4-872e-91d1571df726)
* Specific Projects
	* [Backlog - Discord Binding](../dc6a1ac7-60f0-452d-9536-9fed6d92bc51)
	* [Roadmap - DentropyCloud](../f6ae9aa0-41dc-431d-972c-47cfe397fda2)
	* [Logs - ENS Indexing](../3bbb81b1-154a-494f-acdf-781ad8ff35cf)

This is all completely unorganized and must be dealt with. Within an environment like this it is difficult to make strong decisions with the deluge of information and complexity.

My last [ETL to QE, Update 25, Research is one thing a usable product is quite another](../0688a5f2-87e0-4754-b09b-88b09b92ebd8) was all about coming up with heuristics for making strong decisions.

Absolute empathy, engineering a persona, influence, persuasion, showing people what they want, manufacturing consent, [islander](../84181a87-2901-4dd3-b101-0c7b10e5ee2b)s, [The Power Process](../520389b2-39a2-4555-9515-c8e1f6e0b68b), coordinate systems, games... maybe I made things worse just repeating a bunch of self help nonsense.

Well I was missing the key heuristic [Greatness is Other People](../23a54a6c-2648-4c43-aafb-c4dd66b1a9d7). I need to orient my tasks in those TODO lists around other people that's what product is all about right... other people.

So I have my list of idols but I can't directly interact with them, I have my friends and family but I can only show them I can't converse with them about this stuff.... actually some friends are different I am just bad at articulating things.

* [Who can I interact with that will make me a better person?](../Who can I interact with that will make me a better person?)
* [What kind of interactions with other people will make me a better person?](../What kind of interactions with other people will make me a better person?)
* [Which of my friends are willing to give me sincere feedback?](../Which of my friends are willing to give me sincere feedback?)
* [What are each of my friends competent in?](../What are each of my friends competent in?)
* [How do I want to interact with other people?](../How do I want to interact with other people?)

Let's revisit the concept, [Cringe your way to self actualization](../Cringe your way to self actualization). Or [If you are comfortable you are not growing](../If you are comfortable you are not growing)

We have one primary activity produce memes for other people.

I have made a couple discoveries over the last week that get me really passionate

* [Review Hypermedia Projects](../Review Hypermedia Projects)
* [Review Blockchain Wallets](../8a13a93d-1a96-4977-a05d-7781e3d722ea)
* [Filling self described SQL models via LLM Heilmer Catechism](../c1f5a29f-e664-480a-86c3-67efed75ff0b)
* [Research - Schema Comparisons](../Research - Schema Comparisons)
* [Research - Network Analysis](../Research - Network Analysis)
* Gathering and sharing people's answer to, [What is the most exciting information that you have shared with other people?](../What is the most exciting information that you have shared with other people?)

#### Quest Engine

Question Engine Exists so you can practice Articulating Themselves. It's all about the quests. I want to build a medium to help people define their quests. Yet I am quite mediocre at defining my own quests. Actually I am pretty mediocre at articulating who I am, this blog get's like no views. I literally expect no one to read this until I become [Radically Articulate](../I wish I was radically articulate).

* [Who are you?](../Who are you?)
* [What do you want out of life?](../What do you want out of life?)
* [What does success look and feel like for you?](../What does success look and feel like for you?)
* [Are you satisfied with the relationships in life?](../Are you satisfied with the relationships in life?)
* [What is lacking in your life?](../What is lacking in your life?)
* [What experiences are you looking forward to?](../What experiences are you looking forward to?)

The key user journey for Question engine was to making getting to know oneself fun and exciting. Endlessly typing into my [PKMS](../ea5dd34b-8140-436d-9106-1bea26a2b5d9) is not really fun and exciting.

Well then what is fun and exciting?

* [Articulating what quests I am on every morning with friends and following up with them](../Articulating what quests I am on every morning with friends and following up with them)
* [Engaging with people in about mutual interests](../Engaging with people in about mutual interests)
* [Showing off my projects to other people](../Showing off my projects to other people)
* [Talking to other people about what projects they are working on](../Talking to other people about what projects they are working on)
* [Teaching things to other people](../Teaching things to other people)
* [Presenting to Others](../Presenting to Others)
* [Working on projects I know other people will use](../Working on projects I know other people will use)
* [Communicating with people I admire](../Communicating with people I admire)
* [Cooking for friends and family](../Cooking for friends and family)

It's been a while since I woke up really excited to be me. I remember when I was 10 years old waking up on my birthday and being excited for every moment that was about to pass. I miss that feeling back in my life and I want people around me to feel the same. I want people to be able to say, "[I enjoy being me](../1ebda4b0-19d0-45ef-a142-3ed2dbf82136)". What would need to change for this to be true?

* Health Optimization for more Energy
	* See [Andrew Huberman](../Andrew Huberman)
* Working on a specific quest with other people
* Being [radically articulate](../I wish I was radically articulate) about my goals
* Having an actual plan for the day (Routine)
* Doing meaningful work
* Meaningfully socially engaging
* Making an impact within a community
* [Islander Training](../84f75b3f-8775-4331-80ab-1163cef42bc4)

Well what is the procedure for articulating a quest? Well wouldn't it be nice if my [Tulpa Manager](../e851f5ad-51f5-4c68-b844-88e27c5d07f6) was up and running to I could interrogate my friends tulpa's to first guess their quests then check with them if that's what their actual goals were.

Well sounds like my quest is to get my [Tulpa Manager](../e851f5ad-51f5-4c68-b844-88e27c5d07f6) up and running. That is something I can do in the next blog post with the [Heilmeier Catechism](../edc84150-2be7-4533-8a4b-768eeff624af).

#### [Psyop Yourself](../1f51a5ae-1589-497c-9d14-0f3dedac42b6)

I am starting to realize that I may be lacking the right people in my life and I don't optimally engage with the people I already have in my life.

Now that I am actually articulating [What I want](../What I want) with some influence from [Design Heuristics](../5e01e1ef-4aa4-491d-8ac3-8f0343201a97) my "perspective" on my life is changing. I realize I can no longer wait for people to come to me, I must go to other people. The ability to become excited about ones own life relies on managing ones perspective.... this will need to be revisited.

* [What would need to change for you to be content with your life?](../What would need to change for you to be content with your life?)
* [What wisdom are you aware of but don't yet implement?](../What wisdom are you aware of but don't yet implement?)
* [What memes do you want to learn about from other people?](../What memes do you want to learn about from other people?)
* [What memes can you explain clearly and in depth to other people?](../What memes can you explain clearly and in depth to other people?)
* [What memes do I resonate with?](../What memes do I resonate with?)
* [Find people with the same deep interests as myself](../Find people with the same deep interests as myself)

#### Important Tutorials

There is this nice phrase, [Talk does not cook rice](../de0110dc-cca0-4ef5-a61d-628131122e4e). I have been [cognitively masturbating to what question engine might be](../9942049a-ce85-4b5d-b34f-ead6968a85b4) rather than building something I can actually talk to my friends, family, and anons though. So here is my list of technology and skills I need for a proper [POC](../5579525f-febe-4c18-a19f-83d134e50292). What is this [POC](../5579525f-febe-4c18-a19f-83d134e50292) exactly, well my lack of ability to answer the question, [What are you trying to do? Articulate your objectives using absolutely no jargon.](../What are you trying to do? Articulate your objectives using absolutely no jargon.) or which document to link here showcases that I need to practice articulating myself a lot more.

* [Nostr Tutorial](../d0d2eb3c-a491-462a-ba23-bcc03246f837) + [Nostr Relay Tutorial](../c7866777-9a38-45b0-9cb6-2bf757879e17)
* [JSONSchema + jq Tutorial](../24e80f52-8991-4499-b02c-e313131904d0)
* [JS Cryptographic Signing Tutorial](../be82e67e-13f4-4c86-b3ec-b32852c54e2b)
* [IPFS IPLD CID Tutorial](../100d6889-e83d-4967-bec2-7e9424d8cd24)
	* [Tutorial for Filebase Static Site Hosting](../Tutorial for Filebase Static Site Hosting)
* [DID JS Tutorial](../DID JS Tutorial)
* [IndexedDB Tutorial](../IndexedDB Tutorial)
* [SQL in Web browsers Tutorial](../SQL in Web browsers Tutorial)
* [Embeddings Tutorial](../Embeddings Tutorial)
* [What is the best way to produce a large merkle tree?](../1a2fa5ec-813a-48f9-bb95-1f8f313cca8d)

#### Links

* [OODA](../2040ddee-0202-4465-85db-ea0739f84fbf)


#### Backlinks

* [Project Update Posts](/4c45797f-8d43-4277-a5c1-de8df9aa7876)