---
uuid: a739aa8a-2a04-4f01-bd2e-0434d47d96bd
share: true
title: Questions for Question Engine
---
## [Design - Question Engine](/undefined)

* [What is Question Engine?](/undefined)
* [Why am I building Question Engine?](/114d3861-6af9-4254-8cee-0e7aa0b47532)
* [What is the goal of question engine?](/undefined)
* [What does the Question Engine POC look like?](/undefined)
* [What kind of conversations do I want to have using Question Engine?](/undefined)
	* [What conversations am I unable to effectively have?](/undefined)
	* [What are my go to questions for Question Engine?](/undefined)
	* [[How do you want to shape the human experience?]
* [What is Question Engines first use case?](/undefined)
* [What is more important OSINT dashboard or Question Engine?](/undefined)
* [Can Question Engine speak through any messaging software?](/undefined)
* [How does dentropys-obsidian-publisher turn into Question Engine?](/undefined)
## Research

* [How to conduct user research through surveys?](/8845c35b-1532-4efc-af8f-6ec7c97d91bc)
* [What are the best UX Research Methods?](/undefined)

## Survey Questions

* [Do you have a centralized place for your online personas like linktree or a personal website?](/undefined)
	* [Do you think having a personal site that is useful?](/undefined)
* [What is your favorite part of the internet?](/undefined)
* [What websites or platforms do you spend time on?](/undefined)
	* [What feelings and experiences do you get from each community that keep you coming back?](/undefined)
* [Where do you assert your will online?](/undefined)
* [What do you get out of lurking, consuming, the internet?](/undefined)
* [What do you like about group chats?](/undefined)
* [What do you dislike about group chats?](/undefined)
* [What does the internet need less of?](/undefined)
* [What does the internet need more of?](/undefined)
* [Do you want more control over your Social Media feed?](/undefined)
* [How would you query your friends public social media?](/undefined)
* [How would you query your friends private daemon data given they need to approve your queries?](/undefined)
* [Can you go through each of my personal questions and mark which ones you find interesting?](/undefined)


## My Public Questions

* [Am I a midwit?](/undefined)
* [Can you buy purpose in life?](/undefined)
* [What is your definition of God?](/undefined)

## Other

* [How to conduct user research through surveys?](/8845c35b-1532-4efc-af8f-6ec7c97d91bc)
* [What does the Question Engine POC look like?](/undefined)

## Links

* [Generate a list of Questions for Question Engine](/undefined)