---
share: true
uuid: ac3f27d3-cec7-4fb7-b0cf-e29269210256
title: Questions to Learn Hoon
---
## Questions
[Urbit operator's cheatsheet](https://blog.urbit.live/urbit-operators-cheatsheet/)

* [What are the basics of Hoon?](/d501e972-f005-4aba-a7bf-3404b735c27a)
* [How do I launch a fake planet for development?](/f4c5f595-1a48-4515-9e70-412e94a3ae4f)
* [How to ping other Ubit ships to see if they are on network, or fake network?](/2d2582c6-bbde-4575-988a-6d236c580dbd)
* [How to store data in complex data structures, like a list of messages rather than a single value](/98338dc9-0611-4650-85af-75b2b67f3207)
* [How to write Hello World in Hoon and Urbit?](/780af269-c8c8-45df-8358-c9b2140c92cf)
* [How to do ship to ship communication with Urbit and Hoon](/05aea709-7be3-46ff-9b15-6cbaba9240ce)
* [How to send data between Urbit ships using Hoon?](/5754d8d2-c988-4bce-a42e-2353ee3344c9)
* [How to do REST requests GET and POST with IRIS in Hoon Urbit?](/83cc9b47-9840-490d-b012-098bdd3c07d1)
* [How to send data from ship to ship in Urbit using using Hoon?](/334719ff-63c4-46eb-958d-8aa0ffd12841)

## Reflection on Learning So Far

I have spent waaay too much time trying to learn IRIS so I can perform simple REST requests on the internet. I am completely unable to get any of the demos working. Seems like I need to go back and ask the proper questions.

1. [How do you split a string by a specific character into a list of strings in Hoon?](/d489b5cd-9f29-47b1-af41-d6795d33792a)
2. [What is a Poke in Hoon and how do you perform it?](/0362bbdd-cf29-4898-be54-2f675a4d3596)
3. [How do you get the time inside a program?](/dd10212c-15d1-4f49-b090-647b15ad8b45)
4. [How do I run a program at a specific time, like for something that uses Chron in Hoon?](/4c94f5e5-b80f-466d-ae03-4353c29a66cd)
5. [How do I get readline type input within dojo when running a Hoon Program?](/undefined)
6. [Is there a way to get the current block number on Ethereum in Hoon natively using ethereum.hoon?](/undefined)
7. [How does one store a 2 dimensional matrix in Hoon?](/22fe8e8c-bb6e-4df5-bcca-03375c9dfd00)
8. [Why are there multiple desks for Arvo, how do they get used?](/ce0fd799-e5af-4215-89da-e20d53c344b3)
9. [What are the most popular parts of the Hoon standard library?](/d228c0d3-4420-42e8-9932-0aab68e08350)
10. [Where is a list of the most popular Urbit apps, also including their source code?](/b633ea18-544c-4f74-ae9d-3395c9a78192)
11. [How does async await work in Hoon?](/f7097115-4e65-4c20-80b9-663e8d954c88)
12. [How to parse a JSON string on Hoon](/a09c8653-0735-4e4a-8554-fdc2339c35f0)
13. [How to create and assign variables to a variable namespace in Hoon?](/e3552d20-8e32-4216-b52b-a0141bdd9122)
14. [How to edit a file inside a Desk from inside Dojo?](/ed0f66f5-3cfd-459f-bded-decfb2cb02ef)
15. [How to parse a CSV into Urbit using Hoon?](/74c8c93f-a638-4e20-aa4d-4fe5ba437fd9)
16. [How to copy arbitrary files like CSV and JSON into Urbit so they can be processed by Hoon?](/undefined)
17. [How to send a file form one ship to another on Urbit using Hoon?](/ce92dacd-4f85-4e1b-9d7e-a3546d31f319)
18. [How to feed CLI arguments into a Hoon program on Urbit?](/undefined)
19. [How to do if statements in hoon?](/4a2b7d7c-3395-4ff9-9fb9-d5150f40b8ac)
20. [How to do loops in Hoon?](/f6a58666-a1da-4e1e-a32f-47bbcbfa823c)
21. [How to make a REST API in hoon so I can use curl on my urbit ship?](/77034042-9d84-4a9b-b6b0-ab93bbde1d4b)
22. [What are the zero to hero urbit app examples with source code?](/4212d688-8696-4f32-8813-7edab4080e1c)
## What is Hoon
## Why Hoon

## Basic Hoon Commands

## Functions in Hoon

## What is Arvo

## Saving files in Arvo

## What is Urbit

## Connecting to other Point's on Urbit

## Downloading Apps from other Points

## Uninstalling Apps from other Points

## Developing an App