---
share: true
uuid: b9cd3e8b-1727-4a22-9332-90b42b5a7ffb
title: Backlog - DDaemon
---
* [What is the QE plan, timeline, and milestones?](../What is the QE plan, timeline, and milestones?)

#### Directory 

* [Logs - DDaemon](../Logs - DDaemon)
* [Logs - Develop User Journeys](../Logs - Develop User Journeys)

See [Backlog - Discord Binding](../dc6a1ac7-60f0-452d-9536-9fed6d92bc51) and [Build the Daemon](../Build the Daemon)


#### Build a community

* Islander Advice
	* Befriend new members, moderators, and active members
	* Document organization scope and project descriptions (max 500 characters)
	* Setup personal account
	* Setup organization account
	* Test transaction and key creation and message
	* Setup org hierarchy
	* Publish org hierarchy
	* Publish public keybase and pgp signed message

## Development Plan 

**WHAT TASK HAS MOST LEVERAGE**

* [What is the QE plan, timeline, and milestones?](../What is the QE plan, timeline, and milestones?)
* I will make a tool to judge and review all software
	* Review [Mintter](../92d347a2-b197-4c23-b247-e10bf6052ea7)
		* Talk about ETH Cardano vs ICP and the nature of infrastructure
		* If you are an infrastructure nerd that lives in the city you should have a $20,000 2U server in your apartment, if you are in the boonies you should also have a $20,000 CEPH cluster instead
* I can replace ENS once all the ID's are hashed together
* [Get a live demo of Discord Binding Dashboard up and running](../Get a live demo of Discord Binding Dashboard up and running)
* [Vision - DDaemon](../d6c7b9d4-1ce5-4661-9040-28be18e457ca)
	* [Blockchain LDAP](../ee468efe-fad0-4f61-8dea-3f96fdb0c5d0) User Stories
	* Via token economics you can define the rules of which people can engage with you
	* Develop a couple UI mockups as part of the User Journey's
	* Flesh out [Epic User Journeys](../c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)
	* [Review core user Journey's, make a Video](../Review core user Journey's, make a Video)
	* Have an answer to, [Vision, Mission & Values — 2020 Update | by Memex.Garden | Medium](https://blog.memex.garden/vision-mission-values-2020-update-d70aa35a638)
	* 3 Min Recorded Practice Explanations of Dentropy Daemon Question Engine
	* [DDaemon needs a terminology page](../DDaemon needs a terminology page)
	* Create a list of questions I am trying to answer with this project in separate doc, link to root project file
	- Use Questions to create Forms that I send out to groups and people I know
- [Discord Binding Interviews](../Discord Binding Interviews)
	- Prompt my ego
	- Actually engage in these communities I scraped and get to know people
	- Message Denis about User Model
	- Identify and articulate the people I am trying to target in specific document
	- Message people for informational interviews on Linkedin
	1. [Conduct Investigations using my tools](../Conduct Investigations using my tools)
	2. [Keybase Binding Marketing](../Keybase Binding Marketing)
	3. [Find people who are scraping the entire internet](../Find people who are scraping the entire internet)
	4. [Who has the same mission I do?](../Who has the same mission I do?)
	5. Read Through [Epic User Journeys](../c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4) and send them to people
		1. [Review core user Journey's, make a Video](../Review core user Journey's, make a Video)
- Tutorials and Design + Technical Documentation
	* Document Technical Projects
	* Docker Is Awesome! Blog post / Tutorial  
	* [Research - Format of messages from different messaging apps](../6af8ae27-bf2e-4228-aaba-d28f82f4e329)
	* [Develop a Token Standard on top of Nostr using DAG-JSON CIDs and inspired by NRC-20](../Develop a Token Standard on top of Nostr using DAG-JSON CIDs and inspired by NRC-20)
* Technical Research and Development
	* [Develop a Token Standard on top of Nostr using DAG-JSON CIDs and inspired by NRC-20](../Develop a Token Standard on top of Nostr using DAG-JSON CIDs and inspired by NRC-20)
	* CID DAG for [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](../f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb)
	1. [Research - Question Engine Authentication](../Research - Question Engine Authentication)
	2. [Research - Storage for Question Engine](../Research - Storage for Question Engine)
	3. [Research - IPFS Apps](../Research - IPFS Apps)
	4. [Research - LLM Prompts](../Research - LLM Prompts)
* Feature Articulation
	* [Nostr Embeds](../Nostr Embeds)
	1. Imagine tagged folders
	2. People post embeddings, domain names, hashes, CID’s, and raw questions to the blockchain
	3. The end game of the daemon is knowledge work.
	4. CID’s inside Obsidian PKMS
	5. Do a vector similarity test
		1. Does instructing someone to kill themselves produce a similar vector to telling someone to not kill themselves?
		2. Does telling someone to buy a product verses not buy a specific product produce similar results?
	6. Research design sieve for research
	7. ELI5 Blockchain LDAP
	8. I need to make a slide show explaining my projects
		1. [Meeting with Josiah and Jordan](../Meeting with Josiah and Jordan)
	9. I need to tag all my Linkedin Connections using [CGFS](../6ca740f7-9928-4997-9cc1-2cc6db297117)
	* Obsidian to Tiddlywiki Converter
	* Obsidian to Wikijs Converter
		* Wait is this a good idea?
		* WikiJS has its own Auth stuff....
		* We want to be replace Wikijs
		* We can steal their UX though if we like.
	* Recompile all your social media, why did you like what you liked, ANSWER ME, why did you message what you messaged, ANSWER ME (Social Engineering)
	* Tiddlywiki Package Manager Managed using IPNS
		* Lookup the CID of all the current version, then download the CID of the current version
	* My Eth Waterloo project works perfectly for my decentralized llama project 
	* I should really articulate the last time I went to the gym like I do push-ups the same for shits, pisses, sex, and meals , meditation , whim Hoff method
	* Imagine entire Discord Guilds represented as a CID linked to other CID's like a blockchain
	* Come up with a list of [Questions for my friends](../Questions for my friends) and send send them a link to sign up on Question Engine and they ran rate all the questions, I can use the same data structure to rate the Images on the Discord
		* We are doing ETL with people
	* [Query a friends Daemon](../Query a friends Daemon)


#### QE Core Components

* [Research - Storage for Question Engine](../Research - Storage for Question Engine)
* [Research -Tokenization RBAC for Question Engine](../Research -Tokenization RBAC for Question Engine)
* [Research - PubSub P2P Discovery for Question Engine](../Research - PubSub P2P Discovery for Question Engine)
* [Research - Frontend for Question Engine](../Research - Frontend for Question Engine)

#### Question Log

* [Can you just use DAG-JSON on a Nostr event to produce a CID?](../Can you just use DAG-JSON on a Nostr event to produce a CID?)
* [How does Nostr do encrypted group chats?](../How does Nostr do encrypted group chats?)
* [Why is DAG-JSON relevant to the body of Nostr QE message?](../Why is DAG-JSON relevant to the body of Nostr QE message?)
	* [How do I upload DAG-JSON a IPFS node via JavaScript?](../How do I upload DAG-JSON a IPFS node via JavaScript?)
	* [How do I upload DAG-JSON to a IPFS node via python?](../How do I upload DAG-JSON to a IPFS node via python?)
* [How can signature chains be used with QE and or Nostr?](../How can signature chains be used with QE and or Nostr?)
* [What is the role of Groups within Question Engine?](../What is the role of Groups within Question Engine?)
* [What JSON structure should QE questions and answers have?](../What JSON structure should QE questions and answers have?)
* [What services will we run on a ddaemon node?](../What services will we run on a ddaemon node?)
* [Is there anything interesting on HackerNews when I search "p2p file"?](../Is there anything interesting on HackerNews when I search "p2p file"?)
* [How should QE token metadata be described](../How should QE token metadata be described)
* [How should Question Engine do Version Control?](../How should Question Engine do Version Control?)

#### Associated Project Backlogs

* [Backlog - Discord Binding](../dc6a1ac7-60f0-452d-9536-9fed6d92bc51)
* [Logs - Context Feed](../e26135b0-01e6-4ffd-b515-1478fdb2a1b5)
* [Backlog - Question Engine](../889c6648-4cf6-4887-848e-b01c4e5f1e71)
* [Backlog - Mimetic File System](../Backlog - Mimetic File System)
* [Backlog - AI Stuff](../Backlog - AI Stuff)
* [Backlog - DentropyCloud](../4e71511d-083c-4683-adb1-617be0f9f5be)
* [Backlog - Quantified Self](../Backlog - Quantified Self)
* [Backlog  - PKMS](../Backlog  - PKMS)
* [Backlog - Homelab](../Backlog - Homelab)
* [Backlog - Data Hoarding](../Backlog - Data Hoarding)
* [Backlog - Question Engine](../889c6648-4cf6-4887-848e-b01c4e5f1e71)
* [Backlog - Map Effective Accelerationism](../Backlog - Map Effective Accelerationism)
* [Backlog - Discord Binding](../dc6a1ac7-60f0-452d-9536-9fed6d92bc51)

#### Unsorted TODO

* [Evolutionary Analysis](../125102ff-b44c-452d-a6b6-13814b0607ac)
* So how do you add account abstraction on top of Nostr without fundamentally changing anything about how Nostr functions
* Explain why Matrix will not scale, you can’t charge for storage, can’t migrate data from servers, same applies to urbit
* [Why not build decentralized Social media on top of CAR files?](../Why not build decentralized Social media on top of CAR files?)
* [Interrogate my DDaemon Documentation QE Style](../Interrogate my DDaemon Documentation QE Style)
* [Research - Question Engine Authentication](../Research - Question Engine Authentication)
* [What open source projects do I respect the most?](../What open source projects do I respect the most?)
* [Hypermedia Knowledge Base](https://hyper.media/) + [Mintter](../92d347a2-b197-4c23-b247-e10bf6052ea7)
* I should pay someone to review the key features of Anytype on Fiver
* Research - Best JavaScript Markdown Editors and renderer
* Research links from [Bryan Peters](../Bryan Peters)
* List every group / tag I want to have on my PKMS
* Research [Lit Protocol](../Lit Protocol)
* Research [Link Aggregators](../eab4d9c9-d988-4d1e-8b31-ddef8133b10f)
* [CodexOS](../c1e5d216-a0fa-4d76-b0c6-03e637098787)
* We need to start separating ontologies ddaemon and datasets ddaemon, and explain the difference
* Research market research tools on reddit
* Do research on market research
* Review existing Question Engine demo and schema
	* Find its requirements
* I can produce an analysis of a communities memes and attachments rather than their messages, I can do their messages after.
* Start thinking of IPLD Schema to Dataframes, SQL, and Cypher
	* Well we just need a GraphQL binding for collections of JSON Schemas
	* That GraphQL Binding can have separate backends, just like [Langflow](../fb09a999-1293-4309-98dc-8f1bfa157f82) has different backend module requirement things
* [Backlog - DDaemon User Research](../Backlog - DDaemon User Research)
* I can store all my DID's on S3 as long as I hash it on the way in with multiformats.
* [What are some Crypto Communities with Grant Systems?](../What are some Crypto Communities with Grant Systems?)