---
share: true
uuid: bd5c091b-6af3-48b9-bc4d-f17fb60961a7
title: First User Signup (Randy)
---
* Randy goes to QuestionEngine.TLD
* The ***Home Page*** is simply a title that says *Quest(ion) Engine*
	* A subtitle that says 
	* No File Found Engine/Pages/home - Screen.md#Home Page Subtitle]]
	* Followed by a description
		* No File Found
* Randy sees a "Wield Persona" button below and selects it
* Randy get's brought to the [Wield Persona](/undefined)%20Engine/Pages/wield_persona%20-%20Screen.md) screen where it says, 
	* ## Features

* Detect if Metamask is installed
	* If Metamask is not installed
		* [No Metamask  - Component](/undefined)
	* If Metamask is installed
		* [Share Identity - Component](/undefined)%20Engine/Components/Share%20Identity%20-%20Component.md)
		* Once user shares identity, [Wield Persona - Component](/undefined)%20Engine/Components/Wield%20Persona%20-%20Component.md)

## No [dentropydaemon-wiki/Software/List/MetaMask](/undefined) Message

You need to install "Meta Mask" before you can wield a persona. Please go to "metamask.io", install it, create your mask, and come back

## Share Identity Message

Before you can wield your person you must share your mask with us so we can know who you are. Please select the "Get Mask" button below and select "Connect" within metamask once it shows up.

**Get Mask Button**

## Wield Persona Message

You are about to weird your persona. We have taken note of your resolve. Please input your Pseudonym below and select ***Next***

Input for Persona

Next Button

Second Screen

[I am thou... Thou art I... ](https://megamitensei.fandom.com/wiki/I_am_thou)
Thou hast acquired a new vow...  

It shall become the wings of rebellion  
That breaketh thy chains of captivity.  
With the birth of ___Your Pseudonym___ Persona   
I have obtained the winds of blessing that  
shall lead to freedom and new power..."    **Next**
* Randy goes to [dentropydaemon-wiki/Software/List/MetaMask](/undefined).io and generates his first EVM keys to be used to manipulate their Persona
* Randy goes back to QuestionEngine.TLD tab and the [wield_persona - Screen](/undefined)%20Engine/Pages/wield_persona%20-%20Screen.md) updated
	* No File Found
* Randy selects the **Get Mask** Button, he sees a popup in metamask asking to share his account, he selects "Account 1" then selects "next" then finally selects "connect" all within the metamask popup.
* Randy comes back to the login page and sees a different message,
	* No File Found
* Randy inputs his Pseudonym, Randy
	* *This is a user story why make things complicated, there are many Randy's out there*
* Randy selects next
* Randy sees metamask popup that asks for a signature, he selects sign
* Randy is now brought into the "Quest(ion) Engine" application on the "Quest(ion) Log" screen.