---
uuid: c1b2973d-c991-446f-b1d1-d71ff62503b2
share: true
title: How do I audit all the archives of data I have?
---
## Procedure

**Get Initial Data**

* Choose the folder paths you want to reorganize and write them down
* For each path find out how many files are in the folder recursively
	* [How to list total number of files in directory recursively?](/8c3d5832-d1d2-4564-95b4-ead1e83d5f8e)
* Preserve the original file structure of each path into a file
	* [How to recursively list files in directory and output to file?](/undefined)

**Get size of each folder in current directory**

* [How to get size of each folder in current directory?](/undefined)

**Use Data Visualization Tool**

* [How to visualize represent storage on a computer drive?](/f4753c78-856b-4dcb-813e-4be6a80db023)

**Use tool to find duplicate files**

* [How to find copies of the same file and images within a directory?](/2ce63d39-0b1a-4dbe-85a4-fcc67acabda6)

**Move all specific file types from one folder, recursively, and copy somewhere else**

* [How to move or copy all specific file types from one folder, recursively, and copy somewhere else?](/undefined)

**List all file types**

* [How to list all files recursively for specific file type?](/undefined)

**Size of Specific File Type**

* [How to get total size of specific file type in folder recursively?](/undefined)

**Go through folder containing large number of files**

* [How to order folders by most files in each folder?](/dcf1ad67-afbc-4444-b037-a6d3c4938135)

**For stuff you want to keep but don't plan on using for a while compress using TAR**

* [How to create a TAR archive including the hidden files?](/undefined)
* [How to archive each folder in a directory and delete it?](/undefined)
## Additional Questions to Consider

* [How to visualize represent storage on a computer drive?](/f4753c78-856b-4dcb-813e-4be6a80db023)
* [How to order folders by most files in each folder?](/dcf1ad67-afbc-4444-b037-a6d3c4938135)
* [How to list total number of files in directory recursively?](/8c3d5832-d1d2-4564-95b4-ead1e83d5f8e)
* [What are some bulk file renaming tools?](/e9a110df-b751-4795-84d6-2ce0893d3fe7)
* [How to get number of files recursively for each folder in directory?](/undefined)
* [How to recursively list files in directory and output to file?](/undefined)
* [How to create a TAR archive including the hidden files?](/undefined)
* [How to CD into first file from LS command?](/undefined)

## TODO

[Spacedrive](/undefined)