---
uuid: cc8ed6c1-04f5-4b44-88b6-f6bc56ab0b8f
share: true
title: Things to ask LLMs to create a SQL Schema for
---
1. Human Soul
2. The Self
3. Archetypal Narratives
4. [Heroes Journey](../e316a391-020a-49d1-99b4-49b6281bfea2)
5. Mental Illness
6. Personality Types
7. Personality Interactions
8. The Events that make up people's lives
9. A generalized state of Games
10. Model the personas that engage in flirting and courtship
11. The events of a sexual encounter
12. The phases a human goes through as they mature
13. The lifecycle of one's ego
14. The development of one's ego
15. The Product Development lifecycle
16. The Technology Hype Cycle
17. [The events that take place in the biosphere](../75eb3db1-0ae5-40e3-80fb-1c2d587ea5c0)
18. Different types of love
19. The shape of human desire
20. Types of human conflict
21. Things that happen within the unconscious mind
22. Things that happen within the collective unconscious
23. Defining characteristics of the sociological imagination
24. Human characteristics that are easy to detect and judge
25. Priorities that people have in their life
26. How people engage in online communities
27. How corporate entities engage with one another
28. Events from history
29. Events generated by a web browser such as Google Chrome
30. Supply Chain
31. Network Firewall
32. The characteristics of a painting
33. The characteristics of an image
34. Types of trees, fish, mammals, cells etc. etc.
35. The events that take place in a movies
36. Music
37. The contents of a book
38. The contents of an academic paper
39. The information of a corporations data lake
40. Human Values
41. Things that inspire people
42. Diseases, their characteristics, and how they relate to one another
43. Genes
44. The contents of music
45. The types and characteristics of social media
46. The types of pain people can experience
47. What constitutes art
48. The different features and characteristics of technology products
49. The different features and characteristics of house cleaning products
50. The different features and characteristics of automotive products
51. The different features and characteristics of home improvement and repair products
52. Types and characteristics of clothing
53. What matters most in the world
54. Physiognomy 
55. Humans, their characteristics, psychological profile, and the types of relationships they have
56. For how people identify what is important
57. For how people make decisions
58. For how people identify what is important and make decisions
59. The ontology of discrimination
60. The concept of Sexism
61. The concept of Racism
62. [CRM](../7d9fa0af-e0be-4674-8fc2-380b641f2564) Database
63. Ticket Management System like Jira
64. File system version control like git
65. The contents of a blockchain
66. Documents and annotations done to them by individuals
67. Marketing Leads
68. Information needed to make decisions
69. The instructions a military commander will give their troops
70. The events of a Stand Up Meeting
71. The events of a dinner party
72. The events of a sports game
73. The events in the creation of a startup company
74. The interactions between a mentor and apprentice
75. The interactions between a master and journeyman
76. The Taxonomy(Ontology) of human belief systems
77. Taxonomy of religions
78. Taxonomy of personality types
79. Taxonomy of personal legends
80. Taxonomy of spiritual experiences
81. Taxonomy of contradictions
82. The development of science
83. The development of science across all disciplines
84. What is taught in school
85. A taxonomy of LLMs
86. The shapes of human society can take
87. The reasons humans respect one another
88. Geo spacial coordinates of people, places, and things
89. The thoughts of God
90. The thoughts, feelings, and emotions of an [Egregore](../38f32675-a4ec-4b7f-a1b1-dffd556c3765)
91. Ones relationships with other people and what they know about them
92. The goals of individuals and how they can be aligned to work collectively
93. The flow of information within a privacy centrist, secret managing, organization like the department of defense
	1. Illuminati
94. Requirements for nuclear deterrence
95. The threats of AI
96. Opportunities and regrets in ones life
97. Separate institutions, their departments, their goals, and the people that make them up
98. "Government"
99. Persona Management
100. The lies people tell one another and their dependencies
101. Theory of Mind
102. Objects and the things they can be used to accomplish
103. Events of human history
104. Family Trees
105. Geopolitics
106. [Regime of Attention](../c114de69-8e48-4688-8e93-d3c8a50028cf)
107. [Sense Making Apparatus](../5fbf7baa-a842-4ca1-ab0a-36ae66b7a808)
108. Fetishes
109. Executive Dysfunction
110. Groceries
111. Products and their use cases
112. The Characteristics of Idols
113. Model for making decisions
114. Deconstructing Idols


#### Backlinks

* [Filling self described SQL models via LLM](/e4fc5bd8-2c30-4f24-81e7-53fd8c6ef977)
* [Filling self described SQL models via LLM](/e4fc5bd8-2c30-4f24-81e7-53fd8c6ef977)