---
share: true
uuid: d5b6a704-6567-4393-b8b0-4e899d40cf86
---
## Thoughts

* What if people had the power of nukes

Humans are unpredictable.

You can take pride in your quirk all you want but society is still restricted. They reject anyone who can't fit in. There is no exception. Weather  it is democracy or socialism, the same mindset existed. It existed long before society existed. It's the nature of any community. The path you've chosen is one covered in thorns. Your will is worn down with each fight.

## Quotes

## S06E21

What is the use in restoring the illusion

You can try covering up the wound, but it rots and all the baggots will burst out.
## 
I want to become more like what I love!
The things we hate should be destroyed.

Love and courage fixed everything.

Increasing your meta ability will be the same as living.

There is no value in life other than the stringth of one's meta ability.

A meta ability is part of someone's personality -- a Quird. They're diverse!

If people can't use their powers freely, then it isin't true freedom.

Meta abilities have a direct connection to personality.

Kids are suprisingly sneeky and simple.

Conscience, morals, ethics -- these were all created by people... 
People who wanted the world to go smoothly.
Don't be bound by them. Don't be afraid.
What's inside you is more important than anything.

What do you want to do?

I feel like I'll be forgivin no matter what I do.

After suffering and awakening it's like this guy .... has been liberated from everything.

If you have have hate and joy... then you will be free.

## S07E03

My soul only exists for the sake of everyone else's happiness

I've seen those with strong wills won't lose consciousness

Everyone always abandons the down and out
