---
share: true
uuid: dd43be98-5e8e-45b2-b279-6cfb7474bba9
title: Web Scraping Orchestration
---
## Goal

Create an index of [Fandom.com](/39f1f2c7-ba86-4f7c-8ea5-27832529f1b3) and [TVtropes.org](/beeec9b2-2478-4309-acb5-c7e734e2abe5) then connect them.
* TODO
	* [Tutorials/Docker Postgres with Backup and Restore](/Tutorials/Docker Postgres with Backup and Restore)
	* [Docker Traffic Through VPN](/c979bf71-7ba7-40d1-b8d8-9f8fa6bac238)
	* [Merge SQLite databases](/b275f008-18da-4f9c-bf78-d5819afa371e)
	* [Minio Tutorial](/26061bfb-d9c5-4c08-b45b-76248f47e305)
	* [S3 Backup and Restore](/b3a29c74-a6a1-415e-b1ae-68048431d2ac)
	* [Nats Tutorial](/b6cf6d9d-1433-4cb2-ac5f-15bbb0527751)
	* Scrape some fandom sites and store them as sqlite databases
		* Share code with other people
	* Update docker networking tutorial
	* Scope out 2.0 Scraper
		* Use [NATS](/6ecbaee4-8c95-44e7-a242-9a084d89074e) pub sub + job queue
		* Use a networked database, so no sqlite
		* Store the images of pages in object storage
		* Have other scraping engines such as selenium and puppeteer
		* Use VPN and other proxies
			* Upgrade proxies to be changeable via pubsub
		* Customised Scraper
	* Develop UI for contextual annotation
		* What is this contextual annotation and how does it relate to question engine, that needs to be written out
## Logs

* [2023-04-09](/2023-04-09)
	* We need to store the links
	* Well we don't know if they are in the database or not
	* There are a fuck tone of links
	* We do not care about optimization until later
	* Alright but can't we use the full_url as the primary key
	* Ohhhhhhh that needs to be written down somewhere
		* Well we can do that, what would we need to change
		* We would need to change the insert and stuff
		* This is just far more efficient
		* Can we do join's on strings
		* Why not
		* It is easier than doing a select check for everything
		* YES FAR EASIER
		* Alright let's do it
	* Done, it's now doing the recursive scraping
	* Wonderful what's next
	* Next is to do the network stuff
	* Oh yes, wireguard or openvpn
	* It would be cool to do wireguard
	* Let's find a tutorial
	* Wait this is a separate tutorial
	* Yes, yes it is
	* So IDK if I am scraping correctly, I am extracting all parts of the URL, I think is is compartamentalized well enough
	* I should be reading right now
* [2023-04-06](/2023-04-06)
	* Well I just lost all those logs RIP
	* Gotta remember to git stash
	* So where were we
	* We have the scrape URL file finished
	* Yes what comes after that?
	* Now we need to actually scrape it, then we need to have a session where we delete the scraped, add the log
	* Next we need to scrape, upload contents, then delete scrape, add log
	* That seems doable
	* So how are we supposed to do the jobs?
	* I mean extract the URL's
	* Is this going to be a separate job
	* Yes it is obviously a separate job
	* So how does the system know when to do it?
	* There are the we have the job logs, we have the scraping queue
	* Are we renaming it job queue?
	* Ya, then we can add another type of job
	* This is where callback functions come in doesn't it
	* YES
	* We can just store it in the HTML contents
	* No we store it in the logs, cause the contents can be object storage
	* Do we want to practice JSON in sqlalchemy
	* No we should do that in the tutorial
	* Alright so how do we do this
	* We append the logs with a links_extracted boolean
	* Sure why the fuck not
	* And we do string
	* Do we want to jump to jobs server now?
	* No we want to know how to do this single threaded
	* Then we can do jobs and stuff
	* So the next thing to do would be what exactltly?
	* Alright so what would the next thing be?
	* We read through the URLs and decide which ones need to be scraped
	* Are we going to have to process the domains as well
	* Yes, yes we will
	* Then what do we do?
	* We read all the URLs and path that have not been scraped and put them in queue after every URL we scrape until we have a lot of like 100
	* Can we do that right now
	* Probably
	* So what was the plan?
	* Subdomain parsing
	* Wait do we really need that, we can just do the right SQL queries like distinct with a %.fandom.com, ya that is over engineering, trust the library developers
	* So then we just need a function that can geed new urls into the queue and scrape again until a specific number of logs exist
	* We still need to check http error and log it
	* Alright than that's basically it then right
	* Ya then we can start doing jobs and start doing the cool shit with Selenium
	* We also need to link what links to what, and to do that we need to know what links are actually useful 
	* Oh ya I forgot about that
	* So links?
	* What links matter
	* The ones with the 
	* Game of Thones was too big a wiki to start with, found 9000 pages
	* We need to track the links between stuff, that is very important, that is the who point of this, we gotta find that graph sqlite example
		* Here is an example, [Using PostgreSQL as a graph database | Ingrid Tech](https://tech.ingrid.com/sql-as-graph-database/)
		* [dpapathanasiou/simple-graph: This is a simple graph database in SQLite, inspired by "SQLite as a document database"](https://github.com/dpapathanasiou/simple-graph)
		* [examples.graphs.directed\_graph — SQLAlchemy 2.0 Documentation](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/20/_modules/examples/graphs/directed_graph.html)
	* Wait after we have the data what do we do with it?
	* Paul you should have thought this part out
	* How do we want to look in at this data
	* Well we want to see the stories summarized
	* We can also fetch the actual reference texts
	* WE WANT TO LABEL THE EDGES
	* We want to generate meme vectors
	* We want to connect this to TV Tropes
	* Oh ya, how do we do that
	* Alright so next steps are?
		* Track the links between pages, use a graph
		* Find a small simple example rather than GameOfThrones
		* Write the postgres in docker tutorial
			* Maybe do MariaDB and MySQL at the same time
		* Scrape some fandom sites and store them as sqlite databases
			* Share code with other people
		* Update docker networking tutorial
		* Scope out 2.0 Scraper
			* Use [NATS](/6ecbaee4-8c95-44e7-a242-9a084d89074e) pub sub message queue
			* Use a networked database
			* Store the images of pages in object storage
			* Have other scraping engines
			* Use VPN and other proxies
		* Develop UI for contextual annotation
			* What is this contextual annotation and how does it relate to question engine, that needs to be written out
* [2023-04-01](/2023-04-01)
	* Alright so what do we do next?
	* Well why are we doing this project?
	* What is the utility of Fandom.com when I do not even read it?
	* Well we want to find themes and connect them, the same way we connect these themes we can connect people to work on projects
	* Dude that is based
	* Glad no one reads my shit, talking to myself in cringe
	* I need to talk to myself, no one else wants to listen
	* Well you can make them listen, you would be supprised
	* Thanks alter ego
	* Alright so what schema do we want?
	* We doing those Diagrams?
	* [Entity Relationship Diagram](/15870a20-001c-451e-805c-7dbcf089ddbe)
	* Well let's explain the different parts of this project first shall we?
		* We need the database
		* We need the scraper
		* We need jobs based scraper
	* Alright that sounds pretty simple
	* Yes it does
	* Design your schema
	* Alright so what is this Schema supposed to contain?
		* Web pages to scrape
		* The contents of web pages
		* Errors from web pages scraped
		* URL extracted form web pages
		* Edges, what pages link to each other
	* So this is 5 tables?
	* Sure why not
	* Let's look at how we did it last time?
	``` sql
	  CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS SCRAPED_URLS_T(
	    SCRAPED_URL_ID   INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
	    URL_ID           INTEGER,
	    DATE_SCRAPED     DATE,
	    HTML             TEXT)
	  CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS URLS_T(
	    URL_ID           INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,
	    FULL_URL         TEXT,
	    SCHEMA           TEXT,
	    DOMAIN           TEXT,
	    PATH             TEXT,
	    PARAMS           TEXT,
	    QUERY            TEXT,
	    FRAGMENT         TEXT
	  )
	```
	* Okay so that looks okay
	* How do we want to do this? Node or Python
	* Well we should probably use Selenium
	* Ya
	* Cool Selenium can use extensions too
	* We can also get a Mentor for this kind of stuff down the line
	* Okay so we using SQLAlchemy then
	* Yes
	* We doing ORM
	* Sure why not
	* Why don't we just write the ORM code first
	* Alright sure
	* Where are we writing this code, github, gitlab, keybase, codeburg
	* Gitlab
	* So do I want to run this on SQLite or Postgres?
	* Does it matter? You need a job system before you need to run postgres
	* Alright
	* So how about we write a SQLAlchemy Tutorial, then we can use it in the Web Scraping Tutorial
	* Ya so what goes in the SQLALchemy Tutorial
	* Alright so this is another project now right?
	* Yes

* [2023-03-30](/2023-03-30)
	* So how do I scrape everything?
		* Well I can develop a basic web scraper, check for 200 return, and log errors
		* Didn't we do this before?
		* Yes when? There was an error table that was very important?
		* Keybase Binding?
		* No
		* ENS Indexing, that's what it was
		* So we just indexing all the raw HTML to a database
		* Ya why not, otherwise things get complicated
		* This might be a LOT of data
		* Who care, we need to scope this correctly, scrape by single site, list all sites
		* Can't I just go buy indexes like this off the internet?
		* Probably but good luck
		* I bet people usually just hire someone to do it for them
		* Alright so how do we do this?
		* Design Schema, Scrape, Scale, ETL
		* Alright it might actually be that simple
		* We are going to have to spend a lot of time designing this crap.
		* This seems doable