---
uuid: edc2124b-c88b-4aaf-8d15-4dfb8ca8397b
share: true
title: DDaemon - Thoughts
---
#### Description

I started today with the idea that [PerKeep](/9c7ee4a4-18d0-452d-b707-cc2decd6b425) + [IPFS](/e1636216-dee3-430e-949c-3b2c24c36701) + [sqlite](/1a1ccc57-1ba3-4ba7-8db9-9eb945b88d85) + [IPLD](/a39a50ba-fe84-4382-9509-82f36b211619) + [Biscuit Software](/e92a03b3-9567-47a7-9c24-ce4ccb4119c6) +  [Veilid](/70565ff6-d3ef-4e93-b9bb-f72117b0c4f4)  + [XMPP](/a6395eb5-9ac1-4f0d-9cd8-d0ff093c91a3) + [PGP](/5df9b58c-313a-42ac-a127-c48bcb1d8bcb) to produce some sort of daemon prototype for Question Engine or my meme labeling database.

Here is the big idea, we digest web pages and stuff into IPLD then annotate it using IPLD. Rather than using SOLID as a backend we use some really simple primitive that works browser side using filesystem and indexeddb data. A server can take the indexedb data and put it in some sort of sqlite + blob storage database.

I don't think we can annotate anything yet, we need to focus on just raw digesting the data now.

#### To Read

* [Visual Dictionary and Thesaurus | Graphwords.com](https://graphwords.com/)
* [What is Context? - Welcome to Context!](https://docs.ctx.xyz/)
* [MMOS](http://mmos.ch/)
* [Get your work recognized: write a brag document](https://jvns.ca/blog/brag-documents/)

I need to test IPFS offline verses Perkeep, I can have a single storage backend that works with everything because FUCK URBIT. I can even do AGE encryption. Don't invent perkeep before USING IT. Alright alright alirght.


* Daemon generate questions based on PKM I can swipe on just like with Tinder or TikTok
* Label Communities, URL Regex
* Get a published quest log
	* It is easier to work when you perform for others
	* Imagine all my friends being able to see my quest log
	* Imaging twitter with knowledge graph integration, you can link a knowledge graph on top of your tweets or other people can
* Design User Schema for DDaemon, DAG?
* How can other people query my musings?
- I can pay people to produce intelligence according to the schema I give them
* I need to put all my existing logs in a single time series database
	* Facebook messages should be easy
* I want to engage with people a little too much
	* Write out steps to engage with people
	* I need a user model for all my data
		* The user model can be a IPLD JSON-DAG
		* The reason I have not gone with Django, Prisma, or Supabase is because I want my User Model to support IPLD by default.

* I need Dataview for my blog engine thing
	* My SQLite [dentropys-obsidian-publisher](/f43d858e-c32e-4d15-bfc4-456bb7f56ceb) needs git metadata
	* Use [IndexedDB](/9fea8cfd-e8fa-4324-921c-e9455862e374) for [IPLD](/a39a50ba-fe84-4382-9509-82f36b211619)
* I want to search by most recently edited 
- How does one go about wielding their PKMS more as a weapon than a tool?
- Pitch deck AI rating ML model, or just my ideas or epiphanies in general ranked from 0 to 12
- I need a backlog software like bob from boboverse and on it should be to read the Star Wars sequel with the blue guy
    - This should be developed first
- tiddlywiki to obsidian to mkdocs to wikijs to Hugo
- Memes hooked up to knowledge graphs
- Discord messages and the queries and searches hooked up to knowledge graphs
- AI labeling or named entity linking of discord messages
- Question engine RBAC user stories
- All data in single API, with documentation, and queries for all the data, come up with queries using question engine
- Ractor from diamond age but data annotation and special knowledge graphs or maps
- Meme map
- AI government solution
- Tupla manager
- Data horsing
- Annotate the munk debates
- What tags do I use for my bookmarked and favourite tweets and Reddit saved and upvoted posts
- Remember Westworld IRL
- Fuck you start a blog I told [Matthew](/Matthew)
	- Fuck it I will go build the medium
	- why is your keyboard retarded what the actual fuck is wrong with it
- [Cold Blooded Software](/103b6710-65cf-4c9e-aa8c-0a2e42c78eb8)
#### Links

* [Concepts/List/ddaemon](/Concepts/List/ddaemon)
* [DDaemon Queries for Apps](/DDaemon Queries for Apps)
* [Logs - User Journey Hierarchy](/Logs - User Journey Hierarchy)
* [Westworld IRL](/6278d290-44a8-4500-a98f-1c30170167d9)

#### Backlinks

* [Epic User Journeys](/c81f0da9-8d82-4176-8458-cfb3d06924c4)
* [DDaemon Master Plan](/58fef7f0-c9dc-44b3-949f-1c034bc24cf2)