---
uuid: f6c57d06-6240-41fc-9174-7a6b18362030
share: true
title: Discord Author Specific Queries
---
## Similar Query Sets

* [Who is worth getting to know on Discord DAO Guilds?](/315a04ff-5358-4d9f-840e-09c7ab7ea1a2)
* [How do we get to know individuals in Discord DAO Guilds?](/d9749f38-2694-405a-a5af-4ef357f29d9c)

## Queries

* Across all Guilds Queries
	* [What discord user has the longest average message length?](/c71bada1-ae88-4a99-bfec-84efafe8fed9)
	* [Which authors posted in more than on guild?](/Which authors posted in more than on guild?)
3. [How to count the number of authors within a specific discord guild?](/63d6106e-79d3-47ec-b06d-d613ab3ff71d)
1. [How many messages per author in a specific discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)
2. [How to visualize the message count of each author in a specific channel?](/faf2668b-49df-469f-a630-fca35d1c7c9d)
3. [What discord author got the most reactions to their messages?](/31ea5eb0-424d-4bac-ac87-dcc463b5d92d)
4. [What discord author got the most distinct reactions to their messages?](/1045dbd7-8a3e-4975-8dea-fe81c3c354d1)
5. [What discord author has the highest spike in activity in single day from a specific discord guild?](/0c868cc8-6f4b-4f8c-9f50-ef2e1bf31615)
- [What discord author edits the highest percentage of their messages within a particular discord guild?](/80a2d7fc-3d80-420a-ba6b-d9bd41206606)
- [How many authors posted in each specific channel of a specific discord guild?](/a1e2f1f3-a636-4f25-949f-e9bec02f9830)
- [What discord author was mentioned the most?](/02996ff2-f55e-4eae-a4b6-15d042b92896)
- [How many messages per author in a specific discord guild?](/d473e743-c32d-45f7-bfe8-9836eeff97f4)
* [How many users have posted more than 100 messages in a particular discord guild?](/edc06a13-7305-4b5f-8eb6-9e8eb1b4df23)
- [What authors asked the most questions within a specific discord guild?](/c102ef60-4b8c-423e-8102-69578c1ec330)
* [What discord user has the longest average message length in a particular guild?](/2f4fd09e-24a3-4359-81b2-049742a03610)
* [What is the rate of new users joining the specific discord guild per month?](/53d082f2-cdd8-443f-ab0e-527915f88f45)

**Stat Queries**
1. [What is the number of messages from a specific author from a particular discord guild aggregated by month?](/9046827c-32a0-4720-92f2-ab6b7b31bd64)
2. [What is the number of messages from a specific author from a particular discord guild aggregated by week?](/333a03ed-caee-4355-841a-4af914799849)
3. [What is the number of messages from a specific author from a particular discord guild aggregated by day?](/d15f7093-b584-4f17-9ad0-b6e2d0f9d004)
4. [What are the number of mentions from other authors for a particular author in a particular discord guild?](/2b0b3244-b23a-4bac-a5aa-2eb853f42ecc)
5. [What are the number of reactions for messages aggregated by month, week, and day?](/1b602ce2-6e32-482a-8d60-daf9f4997974)