---
uuid: f8a441e8-67b1-4672-9dad-a1ad8ed192a2
share: true
title: Catechism - CGFS Meme Model
---
#### [What are you trying to do? Articulate your objectives using absolutely no jargon.](../What are you trying to do? Articulate your objectives using absolutely no jargon.)

Humans use a variety of social media applications such as Instagram, discord, reddit, twitter and the like. The foundational user experience across all these applications is very similar, users with identities sharing (posting) media in the form of text, images, and videos with rule based access control and the capacity to link to said media in interesting ways such as replies, likes, comments, reposts, etc, etc. At the end of the day all media is just files therefore we should be able to model the data from all these platforms using a regular data structure.

I want access to the raw data in whatever format I want so I can do analytics on it. I want to do RAG on all my social media. I also want to do RAG on my friends social media. 

#### [How is it done today, and what are the limits of current practice?](../How is it done today, and what are the limits of current practice?)

There exist apps such as  [Beeper](../a54ec889-fd2f-422f-9b7d-36831ea8a12a), [All in One Messenger](../24a808ad-e494-464d-948f-efa92f2310f9), and [grayjay](../ba5f29da-91cd-4cd0-a415-4bd7ba8ac606) that create a multi platform social media interface. There even exists [Matterbridge](../1a1a3029-430e-40dc-bfb3-bae8e825cd9c) which can bridge chat channels across a multitude of platforms.

The issue with the interfaces is that they are just that. I can't feed an interface into an embeddings model to perform [RAG](../f70025cb-0c68-48c1-8176-4c3eb26bbf20) on. I need to access the underlying data structure.


#### [What is new in your approach and why do you think it will be successful?](../What is new in your approach and why do you think it will be successful?)


#### [Who cares? If you are successful, what difference will it make?](../Who cares? If you are successful, what difference will it make?)


#### [What are the risks?](../What are the risks?)



#### [How much will it cost, time is a resource?](../How much will it cost, time is a resource?)


#### [How long will it take?](../How long will it take?)


#### [What are the mid-term and final “exams” to check for success?](../What are the mid-term and final “exams” to check for success?)

* Reindex the [DiscordChatExporter](../96e29692-2bcb-48eb-90fd-3cd8fdd986c3) Data to NDJSON Memes
* Reindex the Raw [Discord](../434d4a81-f2cc-4a50-b75c-0c66af4c15b2) Data to NDJSON Memes
* Reindex my [Keybase](../d327da7e-0881-4517-8a8f-c20190efeaa4) data to NDJSON Memes
* Reindex my [Tweets](../Tweets) to NDJSON Memes
* Reindex my [Raindrop.io](../10a39cee-adc7-43fc-bd29-28256e1a6144) to NDJSON Memes
* Index my [Calibre](../e326e3c9-4fe3-48e2-bcd9-d0bc5f0a337e) epub annotations to NDJSON Memes
* Index my [ActivityWatch](../c01a2d70-0b4b-4ba3-9149-928494bb231b) events to NDJSON Memes
* Index my [Facebook](../ffaff3fb-3237-40f8-abba-0b87ed05c16b) messages NDJSON Memes (Requires Cryptographic DIDs)

#### Backlinks

* [Question Engine - QE](/cc5cc49d-f554-4f29-b31a-b8789688e6a3)
* [ETL to QE, Update 32, Defining a short term vision](/4b29e643-872e-491f-bd1e-688965b09e2d)
* [ETL to QE, Update 27, Meme Schema Roadmap to Implementation](/f0940244-8feb-4c30-99b6-d64f155c0d10)
* [ETL to QE, Update 27, Meme Schema Roadmap to Implementation](/f0940244-8feb-4c30-99b6-d64f155c0d10)
* [ETL to QE, Update 27, Meme Schema Roadmap to Implementation](/f0940244-8feb-4c30-99b6-d64f155c0d10)
* [CGFS Meme Model](/88bdf6a2-d788-4352-bb46-373a72542d71)
* [Context Graph File System](/54d596b2-12c5-485f-a2c9-e816e112e349)